These tights are great.
They are durable and do not tear easily, they can be worn and washed without worry.
The bottoms of can be pulled up easily so that sandals can be worn with them.
It might be a good idea to order a size bigger because they can be a little tight in the waist.
Overall, these tights are definitely recommended.
These transition tights are perfect for children sensitive to the tight sensation other tights have around the foot.
The material is soft and durable; they stand up well to both the rough nature of children, and the washing machine.
This product does tend to run slightly small, so purchasing one size up is recommended.
Bought these for my 3 year old daughter for her classes and they turned out great and fit perfectly.
She can pull them up to walk in then pull down to cover her toes for class.
Strong tights that should last.
You might need to buy a size up just for comfort around the waist.
Nice boots but run a bit narrow.
They look great but I think the quality has come down over the years.
Still comfortable but I wish they broke in easier.
I recommend these for any lady who is patient and looking for comfort.
These boots run fairly true-to-size, but they aren't super easy to get on at first.
They're comfortable, but a short break-in period is needed, at least in my experience.
They look great on and they're very durable, but they are not the lightest boots you can wear.
As long as you aren't expecting feather light footwear, this shouldn't be a problem.
They are a nice blend of function and fashion and that's not always easy to find in boots.
These boots are great, excellent quality, incredibly comfortable and the sizes are exact.
It's a little expensive, but will last me for about twenty years.
The shipping was fast, two days.
I love it.
Very pretty shoes and nice quality.
The shoes run a bit small, about half a size and there is a ridge in the shoe that rubs on your toe.
Nice formal night shoe, not so much for every day.
Great fast amazon shipping.
This shoe is very chic, classic and with a rich color that blends with almost any navy blue colored outfit.
I love the look of the shoes and would be forever special to me.
There is a rim inside the topmost part of the shoes that could cause blister to my toes.
These shoes are best fit and nice looking for parties or specially for wedding functions.
The toe of the show can be a challenge for some feet and may make the feet sore due to the rim to keep the shape perfect.
Overall price wise and looks are great and would recommend for long term use.
What an impressive Thomas the Train costume!
It will fit any train loving toddler for at least a few Halloween seasons due to its roomy design.
The candy pocket on the front is an adorable touch.
And it's so stinkin' cute!
Absolutely worth the price.
This Thomas costume is really cute plus it is comfortable and fits well.
My child liked that it has a pocket and a hat.
It even has a candy catcher.
This costume fits well for a two or three year old.
The hat is thin but it is completes the costume.
My child loved being Thomas.
This Thomas the Tank Engine Halloween costume looks very cute, and fits well for children around two to five years old.
It comes with a large, built-in pouch for hands-free candy hauling.
The only potential issue is the fabric seems a bit thin and flimsy.
Nonetheless, I would recommend this.
The necklace is very unique and a great quality for the price.
The charm isn't exactly what is pictured as far as size goes but still very beautiful.
The chain is a bit thin but seems to have good durability.
Overall I would recommend this to anyone looking to add a beautiful piece to their jewelry collection.
This necklace is beautiful and well-made for the price.
Even though the chain is thin it hasn't broken.
The pendant is really nice, but it is hard to tell the size from the photos.
It would look great around the neck of any woman you get it for!
This necklace is a beautiful and unique piece to add to your own or a loved one's jewlery collection.
The pendant is unique and the bail is a ring making this sterling silver necklace an elegant looking piece.
It has a very strong chain also so it can be shown off and enjoyed for a long time.
This purse is well-designed in terms of appearance, but not in terms of usability and reliability.
It is smaller than advertised, the straps are flimsy, and the decorations fall off very easily.
It works well if you're just looking for a fashion statement, but if you want something practical, I'd look elsewhere.
Purse looks great.
The bag is cute and flashy but the size is smaller than expected overall.
The stones and straps are not very durable and break or fall off easily.
This purse is pretty and the material looks great!
Unfortunately, it is smaller than I hoped and a few of the straps have fallen off.
So have a couple of the stones.
I wish it had stayed together because I would have loved to use it more.
The hat is comfortable, stylish and easy to pack into a suitcase for travel.
It protects well from the sun, keeps the head cool, and is suitable for both boat trips and more dressy occasions.
Sizing is 'one size fits all' which seems to be good on even large heads.
The customer service was great, ensuring the product arrived on time before travelling.
This is a really cute hat that even folds well for easy packing.
It is large enough to protect my face and my hair from the sun with UV protection.
I received many compliments on this hat.
It fits well on stays on nicely at the beach and it made me fee so much cooler on a hot day.
This hat looks great and does the job!
The one siz fits all really does fit and the stitching design looks great while protecting your head and neck from the sun's UV rays.
It also can be rolled up and packed without messing up the hat as it unrolls and still looks great!
Just make sure you hang on to it if your on a boat so it doesn't blow off your head!
This is definitely a product you wont want to lose!
The suit fits ok on me, it is good around the waist but tight in the legs/thighs.
I will probably return this and move up a size, it's easier to use the drawstring on the waist than deal with a swimsuit strangling my thighs.
Consider a larger size than normal if you have large thighs.
This suit is a good fit for me.
It may fit tight on guys with large thighs.
I like the feel of this suit and the style is good for anyone swimming as a workout or doing any real training.
It may run a bit small though it does seem to stretch at the seams with use and wear.
The suit tends to run a bit small as the fitting in the waist was adequate but it was tight in the thighs.
After heavy use the seams tend to loosen up and even loose the elasticity over time.
Overall it's a nice suit, has a nice feel, and is nicely constructed.
This is the perfect "comfy shoe," great for walking around town or casual get togethers.
Cute and functional!
They do run a bit big, plan to order them 1/2-1 size smaller than usual.
Another very comfortable shoe by Ahnu, would definitely buy again!
These shoes are lightweight, comfortable, have plenty of support, and are slip resistant.
They're great for walking and working, and they look quite nice as well.
The only issue is that their size measurements seem inaccurate.
You may end up needing to get a size that is either smaller or larger than what you normally get.
Nice, lightweight, comfortable shoes for casual use like walking- if they fit you well.
Sizing is confusing, tends to run large and not fit well on wider feet.
Expect to need 1/2 size to 1 full size smaller than your normal shoe size.
Try these on in person if possible!
I love these sandals, Dansko has made a really great product!
I had to return my first pair (39) for being a bit tight and small, but I went a size higher (40) and it is perfect, they are so comfortable!
If they do stretch out like other reviews say, they will still fit and look great.
I love these Dansko Tasha sandals!
They are comfortable and the style is really cute.
The only warning I have is that they seem to run narrow: you may want to buy a larger size if you have wide feet.
Also, they seem to stretch as you wear them, so don't get discouraged by a few blisters on first wearing.
These Dansko shoes are amazingly comfortable and hug the shape of my feet well, but I did have to wear them for a bit to stretch them out.
They felt a little tight at first, but now they are perfect.
I feel they're true to size so I'd recommend ordering these in your normal shoe size.
This bag is lightweight yet very roomy.
It has plenty of pockets for storage and organization.
The safety feature makes it perfect for traveling although you need to keep the contents light to use as a cross bag.
It comes in black, blue and mauve although the mauve looks like more of a purple.
This is a wonderful bag for traveling, especially if you are a heavy packer.
The many pockets will help keep you organized.
I would not purchase this bag if you don't have very many items to carry around, as it may be too large.
Overall it is great if you need a large traveling bag.
I love this bag!
It was exactly what I needed for my trip to Europe.
It has all the pockets I could ever need, and I was able to fit my phone, camera, snacks, maps, a guidebook AND my Kindle, plus everything else I would normally carry while still being comfortable.
The color seems a bit different than I remember, but overall it looks great.
These sandals are beautiful, fun, festive, and come in a variety of colors.
They are light weight, comfortable sandals with great arch support, but run a little small, so buy the next size larger for a good fit.
These White Mountain sandals look very nice, people will take notice of them.
They are comfortable but it may take some time for your foot to adjust to them.
The softness can help with your back and arch support.
They also hold up to extend use fairly well.
Recommended for the right person.
These sandals are both very comfortable AND very stylish!
They do run a bit small, so you may want to order 1 size up.
Overall, a great shoe that you'll enjoy, even after a couple years of consistent use!
HIGHLY recommend White Mountain sandals.
These look very nice on.
The mesh in them run a little tight though so you may want to go up in size.
They are roomy in the pockets and can hold onto a lot of items.
They are a great price for the quality and I would highly recommend them to anyone looking for a new pair of swim trunks.
These swim trunks look great and the waist fits as expected for the size.
They are also a good deal for the price.
However, the inner mesh liner is much smaller than the size of the outer trunks.
You will probably have to cut out the mesh liner to wear them comfortably.
These are nice fitting shorts but the mesh liner felt tight and I cut it out.
You might want to size up if you are unsure.
The deep pockets come in handy.
These shorts are stylish and they look good.
They are more comfortable if the inner mesh liner is removed.
These are lightweight, durable and supportive shoes.
They look great and the cushion is quite comfortable.
They are perfect for people who have to stand on their feet all day.
They feel lightweight on the foot and are great for people with regular sized foot.
However, they may not work for someone with very wide feet.
Overall, I would recommend these to anyone who needs a supportive comfortable shoe.
I love the look of these shoes, and everyone in my walking group has commented on how great they look!
I took the advice of others and ordered a size smaller.
They fit just right and are very comfortable.
I walk for two hours, 4 times a week, and these shoes have been just what I need.
I love these shoes!
They give me great arch support and are very well-made.
They fit pretty true to size, but make sure you utilize the sizing chart listed.
They are perfect for my daily walk.
I love the color.
I did get a blister the first time I wore them, but that always happens to me.
They just need to be broken in.
Now they are the most comfortable shoes I have ever had.
Women's tank top fits well, runs a little small, but of good quality.
It's a thin weight tank, great for layering.
It comes in many colors.
The only negative is that it's listed as long, but is actually a very standard length.
If you want a regular, basic tank top, this is it.
overall not recommended product.
the tank top is smaller and shorter than expected, so keep that in mind and order a bigger size.
the cut on the chest is too big as well.
but the product is good if you are going to use it for layering.
Great tank top to wear under my other shirts as I liking layering and the material has a good feel.
There was a good choice of colors to pick from.
Although, the top is a thin material I don't mind since I wear it under something else.
These are silver discs, not the gold ones as advertised.
The packaging is not good, they need to be packed more securely, the DVDs shouldn't be able to slide around.
The quality of the DVDs is hit or miss.
You might have a good batch and then run into several that won't work.
I've always used HP DVD + R discs, but these are silver instead of the gold they used to be.
These silver ones are hit or miss.
I'll burn 10 DVDs no problem, then get a few coaster in a row.
I wish the gold DVD + R were still around.
I'm glad I bought the 100 pack in case I have any other issues.
These DVDs work well for the most part, although I did get some coasters.
Some seem to work but become choppy about 30 minutes into the video.
HP is still better than most other brands though.
Take note that these are silver, not gold.
Hopefully the vendor updates their images.
This is a sturdy, durable backpack that's functional and comfortable.
There's room for an SLR- sized camera, and also room for a few personal effects, although it does lack much room for extra equipment.
Will work perfectly for a casual day trip.
I love this bag,  purchase it a month ago, it was shipped quickly.
It is well designed, comfortable to wear with a durable material.
The tripod and the cleaning kits are great.
I recommend this model and would buy it again.
It's worth the money.
This camera bag, constructed as a backpack with padded straps and back is functional and comfortable to wear as well.
It is roomy enough for the camera plus several accessories, and also has enough space for extras.
It is well designed and made of durable materials.
I would recommend this camera bag to most people, although some users with a lot of accessories may need more space.
overall impression of the product is negative.
in some cases it works nicely, but the settings are confusing to adjust, sometimes it is not clear if they do anything at all.
product is not worth the money that it costs, it better to avoid it.
The product is easy to use.
It converted to digital format my slide and photo negatives.
Very efficient and user friendly tool.
It is mostly compatible for Windows Xp.
The product is not recommended for today's market.
I seems that the VuPoint scanner seems like a good product but between the inconpatable software and trouble with placing the negatives in, many customers dont have the time and want instant results.
i would give this scanner a good review if you cant afford a more high product.
you wont get a better enhancement feature on a more higher end scanner.
Give it a try or return it if you dont like it
It's a great deal, also easy to use and to set up.
It has a known GPS bug and may sometimes try to take you on a weird route.
Not the latest technology, but have all the features I need.
I would recommend this to anyone.
Overall a great gps for the price, simple and easy to use.
Makes a great gift for those not comfortable using a smartphone.
May not keep up with the latest map updates, especially in a big city, so keep that in mind when using.
This GPS is easy to use and fairly inexpensive.
As a backup unit it is nice to have but sometimes the map is not up to date and you will end up on a different route than intended.
There is also a bug where the battery drains due to the GPS unit waking itself up and is an unresolved issue.
This of course does not mean every unit is affected by this.
It is easy to use and works great when there are no issues.
For the price and accessibility it is recommended but with caution.
This plate is plastic and comes with mounting screws.
The screws are a bit stripped and difficult to work with but this product is a good deal cheaper than those at local stores.
It leaves a gap between the plate and the wall but overall it looks good.
You could use different screws other than what comes with this plate.
This mount is cheap, installs easily, and works well for most applications.
It looks good, and the plastic is sturdy.
However, the included screws are of suspect quality and may need to be replaced, and the back plate doesn't fit snugly against the wall.
Overall, good for the price.
This is easy to install, and comes with everything you need.
However, the mounting screws aren't great quality and it might be best to replace with something else.
It's much cheaper than branded products, but as it isn't a standard size, the fit might not be good on some walls.
If you are looking for a basic intercom system and nothing fancy, then this product is for you.
It is perfect for what I need it for.
They do not come with cords, so make sure you have batteries.
It has a good range of coverage.
All units work well, and the setup was easy as described in the manual.
They are simple to use and my kids love them!
Great product for the price.
These intercoms are not worth the buy.
Getting these set up is quite the hassle and the instruction manual is not much aid.
The worst part is that the sound quality is very poor.
This may have some use if a simple message is to be sent.
Otherwise, don't waste your money.
This does not come with an AC charger so you have to use batteries or buy a cord separately.
I think this covers a good distance and the battery life seems good.
The audio is not great, it is not very clear.
It is challenging to set up.
Walkie talkies would work about as well.
The charger gets very hot with use, which can be quite concerning.
The fit into the laptop is often loose, which makes it unreliable.
Some items delivered didn't resemble the photo online.
Overall, it would be best to avoid this product and buy direct from the manufacturer.
This charger gets very hot very fast and it seems a bit dangerous.
It has to be lined up a certain way to work.
The charger makes a bit of noise.
Customer service was not helpful.
A cooling device may help with the heat but this product should be used with caution.
It is an affordable option.
This product is of very poor quality.
This charger is not reliable.
It gets very hot and is loud and may ruin your device.
It does not look the product in the description and customer service is not quick to help.
Overall, I definitely do not recommend this product.
This 14' laptop sleeve has an attractive design and is made of quality materials.
It has a very snug fit, so be cautious of buying it if your laptop is even slightly over 14'.
The only real issue is the rubbery smell that comes with it.
Overall, I would recommend this, unless you have a sensitive nose.
This case fits so snug around my 14 inch laptop.
The quality if very good with draw being well defined.
There is a hint of a rubber odor that may be a turn off for some, but the smell goes away rather quickly.
A great buy for the price.
This case is a very dark color.
It has a good amount of padding.
The fit is good on my 14 inch laptop.
It has a smell that slowly goes away.
Shipping was quick but a little expensive.
I would recommend this to others, this product is just as described.
You get what you pay for with this receiver.
Terrible radio reception, very noisy fan, and don't expect any help from the useless manual.
It does have decent power, but I'd rather pay a bit more for a quality product.
This is an inexpensive stereo option.
The manual is limited and is difficult to read, also the fan is loud.
The radio reception is poor quality.
The sound quality though is great, when listening to Sirius or when hooked up to a laptop.
This sound system is worth the cost.
The bass is so clear and loud, the stereo works fantastic and the range of sound adjustment is great.
I had a problem setting the channel preset.
Overall, it's a sweet deal.
The covers are exactly what I have been looking for and they are not hard to install.The price that I paid for them was a steal, and the time frame for me receiving it was faster than I expected.
I would give it 5 stars but  it takes a bit of effort to keep it on without slipping.
This case was easy to attach.
The retractable feet that makes this a stand are really cool.
The color is nice and you can see the apple logo through the case.
The keyboard cover is very handy and this product feels sturdy.
My case arrived very quickly.
Good customer service!
This laptop cover slips on easily, but the loose fit can occasionally cause it to slip off as well.
It comes with ergonomic tilt stands on the bottom, making long typing sessions more comfortable.
It looks nice and has a good feel to it.
Overall, I would recommend it.
This tablet has numerous reliability issues.
The likelihood of it malfunctioning after a month or less of normal usage is high, assuming it's not dead on arrival.
Even considering the cheap price, it's still not worth the money.
This tablet is not worth the money, no matter what they are charging for it.
It is of very poor quality and stops working after a very short time.
It is especially prone to battery malfunction.
Worse, the customer service from the manufacturer is almost nonexistent and it is difficult to return.
Don't waste your money.
Buying it at MSRP is ridiculous and in fairness, buying it at a discount presents a huge risk as well.
The charging is spotty at best and the battery itself presents a lot of risks.
Avoid it until they start caring about the quality.
Exactly as described.
Looks good with a solid build and the unit is quite sturdy.
This unit locks in very tightly and also feels professional.
It is a great purchase for the money.
I'd recommend this handle highly.
This stabilizer is perfect for light weight cameras and can also be used with a cell phone to help diminish jitter.
You can feel the heft in this stabilizer and know that it will stay secure.
It feels weighty and professional.
I would say to use caution when using it with larger cameras but it is perfect for smaller cameras.
Overall, it is recommended.
A great all-around, sturdy stick for cameras.
It is very versatile and quite ideal for lightweight cameras especially, and this stick is highly recommended for its great price-point and overall versatility.
This solar charger works well at first and charges phones well but does not adequately charge iPads or Kindles.
The LED flashlight is quite bright.
Performance over time is not reliable as the charge battery begins to not hold charge.
A battery charge level indicator would be helpful.
Overall, a decent purchase for a backup or travel.
The solar charger is good fit for travel bag.
The LED light is one of the best function of this charger as its very bright.
Though will recommend this charger to charge the cell phones only as it does not have capacity to charge other devices such as Tablets.
This charges our phones with no problem, but we haven't been able to get a full charge on a tablet out of it so far.
It's great for hiking and camping since there is a nice bright flashlight incorporated into it.
I wouldn't trust it as your only charging source during a power outage if there is no sun.
If the sun is shining, you'll be fine since it can use solar energy to charge.
You can also charge it quickly with electricity, if you prefer.
This camera is easy to use and you can take it anywhere.
The picture quality is generally great.
Some things to note are that it does not include an SD card and there have been instances of issues regarding the on / off button, they can seem a little small.
It also holds it's own against more expensive cameras.
Overall this small but easy to use camera takes great pictures so it is recommended with confidence.
I like this camera for its picture taking and size.
Takes professional photos and it is very easy to use.
It's low light feature is outstanding and helpful in venues that flashes are not allowed.
I love this camera.
If you are a beginning photographer and wan good pictures i suggest buying this Nikon camera.
it does not come with an sd card which is not cool for the money i spent and they can be pretty pricey.
If you need low light capability on your camera , than this is the one for you it seems to have a feature for every scene or situation
This FM/AM radio, iPhone docking station and alarm clock is a perfect combination!
The sound is amazing, the alarm clock is not annoying, and the design looks great!
It would be nice to have a place to use an aux cord and certain apple products require a $5 adapter to use the docking station but other than that, this product is fantastic!
This is a great product.
It has amazing sound quality, and the dual-band feature is nice.
I love the fact that it charges my device while it's docked.
Not only is this thing functional, but it also looks great and doesn't take up a lot of space.
Overall, I would advise buying this if your needs call for an awesome speaker that doubles as a charging station.
This is exactly what I've been looking for!
It has great sound quality and it's really easy to dock my iPhone in it (it charges my phone at the same time!
Bonus) The alarm is easy to use and does it's job.
Some iPhones and iPods will need an adapter, so make sure to check that out first.
this product is good alternative to deodorants.
Crystal lasts a long time.
the major drawback is that it is somewhat easy to drop the product and it shatters very easily.
overall the product withstood the test of time
This stuff works, fantastic product.
I used to doubt it at first when I heard about it, but now I believe in this product.
It is still working after purchase about a year ago.
It's cheap, keeps me smelling good and doesn't irritate my skin.
It can be difficult to hold on to and slippery, but It is money well spent.
I highly recommend it.
Economically priced with long lasting results and truth that a little goes a long way, this crystal rock deodorant is a great deal.
Users are pleased with the crystals ability to eliminate body odor even for heavy perspirers.
Recommended for those who want to get away from the traditional stick, though be careful for if dropped it will shatter so also may be best purchased in-store versus ordering online.
These NuGo bars are fantastic and taste great like a Rice Krispy treat.
Good for morning, lunch or afternoon snack and a good way to get your protein in-take.
They keep you full for a long time especially if you are out and about.
I keep one in my purse to eat on the go.
Can be a little pricey at $3.80 per bar, but these NuGo bars offer a low calorie, low glycemic index snack that is healthy and still taste great.
Taste is reminiscent of Rice Krispie treats, especially the variety with vanilla frosting.
Some stores don't carry these bars, but they are available easily online.
The NuGo bar is very good and tastes better than you would expect and nutrition bar to taste.They have a texture similar to rice krispy treats.
There's a good chance your family members will love them too.
At only 170 calories you get a delicious snack and something with good nutritional value.
They may be a little hard to find if looking in stores but can be ordered form Amazon.
Overall, the NuGo bar is a great recommendation.
These pills will do the job, that's if you get to use them long enough to notice they are working.
The label on the bottle doesn't state this, however, if you do not keep these pills in the original bottle with the drying agent, they will bust and turn into powder making them unusable.
I think this supplement is great.
It is a very good value for the price.
I do highly recommend that you store them in the original container, because humidity it definitely not it's friend.
I have followed the instructions exactly, and it has done wonders for me.
There are many brands that are more expensive, but this brand is just as good, if not better.
The tablets provide a good pump when they actually decide to stay tablets.
They tend to seemingly break apart in the container, just leaving powder behind.
It is at a great price, at least.
a good product, compares to the original very good, for the fraction of the size.
very convenient when traveling or living in the dorm, since the space is an issue there.
there was no power cord, so that should be kept in mind.
much better than nose generating apps.
This sound machine is small, battery powered, and compact.
It does not come with a power adapter, so be prepared with batteries wherever you plan to use it.
There is only one sound programmed into the machine – a sound mixture of rain and water.
This is great to aid sleep, relaxation in the office, or nurseries.
This sound machine is the perfect size for traveling.
It is quite compact, and it can be powered with the adapter or batteries.
It offers a small variety of rain and other water effects, and will be loud enough for most people.
If you have a larger room or a super noisy environment, the volume might not be high enough for you.
Bonine tablets are an excellent choice for preventing motion sickness.
They effectively prevent motion sickness from cars, boats, and amusement park rides.
A bonus: the chewable tablets do not cause drowsiness.
This medicine works really well on cruises and for roller-coaster rides.
You could take a week long trip on a boat and still not get sick.
The tablets are chewable or can dissolve in the mouth,  and unlike Dramamine they don't cause drowsiness.
Bonine helps with motion sickness from roller coasters, water, and car travel.
They do not make me sleepy.
The chewable tablet is easy to take and it does not taste bad.
I was able to enjoy a cruise recently because I had these tablets.
They worked as advertised and helped me a lot with my motion sickness.
This battery is a good replacement for old or failing batteries in a home alarm system or computer.
The battery works well and is a really good value for the money, compared with other brands with similar specs.
I was especially pleased with the fast shipping from the seller.
Save yourself the money and use this battery to replace your alarm system battery yourself.
Calling the home alarm system company to replace the battery costs way mire than just doing this yourself.
This battery holds a fantastic charge and replacement is not difficult at all.
This is a good battery that is easy to install and works as a replacement for failed batteries.
The price is good and a much cheaper alternative to use as a replacement.
While there are instances of DOA batteries, most experiences are positive.
With a good price and easy installation this battery is recommended.
The Acupressure mat is great for helping to relax.
It takes a little bit of time to try it but once it works it works well.
The mat helps with pain and pressure and is great to lay on, it is great for falling asleep on.
Also it is great for blood circulation and for walking on bare feet.
These acupressure mats are used to increase circulation and reduce body aches and pains and are most effective when you can fully relax.
Consistence is key to receive the full, relaxing benefits of the product.
However, if you are using this product after surgery it is responsible to always consult with your physician to ensure it is right for your situation.
This acupressure mat can help ease aches and tension, increase blood circulation to extremities, and aid in general relaxation and restfulness.
It can also assist in healing, as it reduces movement while sleeping.
However, it takes some getting used to, and being unable to relax while using it will make it ineffective.
very good heart monitor if you don't need advanced features, that would be used mainly by professionals.
very easy use.
the drawbacks are, bad or no included manual, but manual is accessible on the internet.
and only four digits on the display, so if you run more than an hour that could be an issue.
overall recommended
This heart rate monitor is very user friendly for beginners.
Very easy to use straight out of the box.
However, this product comes with an instruction booklet and internet instructions if you need help with initial set up.
You can program your target heart rate and there is an audible beep when you are in or fall out of target range.
Very easy to read display which can also has a backlight.
The only drawback is the log will only store the last workout data.
Overall a very nice beginner heart rate monitor.
This is a good monitor, it is easy to use and well-made.
The product is for you, if you are in need of a heart rate monitor.
It is fairly accurate and warns you should in case you fall out of a target heart range.
The battery is not replaceable and screen easily scratches.
While it's not full proof, this spray is great at reducing the number of wrinkles in cotton and polyester materials.
It's less effective on thicker materials.
It's quick and easy to use, and it has a nice scent.
It's a good thing to bring on vacation to freshen up packed clothes.
Just be aware, the bottle is prone to leaking!
This is an awesome wrinkle release product, with a nice aroma.
When applied, wrinkles disappear from your clothes.
The package arrived in a bad condition, it's not perfect, but quite presentable.
I love it.
When my bottle arrived, it had leaked a bit in the bag, but I still had about 3/4 to use.
It smells amazing!
I have always really hated ironing, so it's a good substitute for that, but only on my shirts.
Any work pants that have wrinkles, I still have to turn on the iron.
However, it really seems to reduce static when ironing, so it's still handy that way!
Overall it's not as great as advertised, but it's still pretty useful.
Order with caution though, leakage seems to be a common occurrence.
These soft gel capsule are not like ordinary Fish Oil capsules.
If you do not like the fish oil smell in your burps these soft gels are perfect fit.
This is burp-less version and will not bother your breathing with any smell or any burps.
The price is definitely worth the quality of the product.
Using the Omega 3 Fish oil tablets will  give you a great blueprint for better health.
Imagine not having to take the medicine and then burping afterwards, this burp- less version does this.
I have it on auto ship and love not ever missing a dose or having to look for it in the stores.
I found this fish oil very good, and i don't like fish.
the burps are present but less than other fish oil products.
soft gel structure doesn't leave fishy aftertaste.
I am pleased with the product.
This product is innovative and works!
It keeps your glasses with you and the strong magnet lasts.
Everyone that I've shown this to decides that they need one too.
The only problems are that the small pieces can occasionally fall off, and the glasses don't always stay if you bend over.
Otherwise, this is a great product that is especially useful if you tend to misplace your glasses.
This lived up to expectations after the product was featured on Shark Tank.
The magnet is very strong, and will work anywhere on clothing.
Glasses won't slip or fall.
However, those with pacemakers should avoid due to the strong magnet.
Overall, recommend.
These magnetic eyeware retainers attach firmly to your clothes and keep your glasses within reach when you're not wearing them.
Though they normally keep a strong grip, it is possible in some circumstances for your glasses to fall out.
Also, I am unsure if the product will last very long.
This is an excellent product!
Just as advertised, it eliminates foot odor and on top of that the insole is so thin it can be used in multiple types of shoes including heels.
Very comfortable and well worth the price to have soft odor free feet after wearing shoes!
While they are a little thin which can be an issue, the Insoles work really well at keeping odor away and fits really well in most shoes.
While cheaper ones do exist on the market, these ones have been great at battling the issues i had before using these insoles.
These odor-absorbing insoles work very well!
The thin insoles fit well into many kinds of footwear and they are also easy to trim down if they are too large.
They help to absorb odor and wetness all day.
, and may even extend the life of my shoes.
I love these cleaners, it does a great job and it's easy to use.
I like that they are disposable.
They scrub very well, no touching required and the refills are wonderful.
It is well worth the money.
I love using these for cleaning my toilet they are easy to use, work really well and very good for scrubbing.
Once used up you can dispose off it easily, does the job very well, good buy.
amazing product, single use toilet cleaners do a great job.
they keep toilet sanitary and cleaning process is mess free.
a lot better than reusable brushes.
But the might be discontinued, so stock up while you still can.
would not want to use anything else after i tried this product.
Great insert for the price, works well with my Zippo case.
It uses butane, which is cleaner burning as well as convenient.
Thunderbird is a fantastic alternative to the more pricey Zippo inserts.
It holds a big flame, too, and it's easily adjustable.
This butane conversion allows for the case of a classic Zippo to clean burning butane lighter.
It allows for flame height adjustments and holds its flame well.
It is a durable and reliable product that holds up well to wear and use.
While this is not a licensed Zippo product it is important to note that its fit is not guaranteed.
When I ordered this, I didn't know what to expect.
I'm pleasantly surprised.
It's plastic, but very convenient and the unit fits very well into my Zippo case.
You can fine tune your preference as the torch adjusts very nicely.
It works great.
I also had issues with closing the cap of Zippo.
this magnesium supplement is very good for the money.
helps to improve the mood, to make sleep better.
the price is a better deal than the competitor products.
especially if you buy in bulk.
one thing, it does not taste like a CALM product, so you should keep that in mind.
recommended.
This product has been helpful for my everyday aches and pains.
I found that I can easily mix it into my morning smoothies, juice or even plain almond milk without any weird taste or fizzing.
The product came very well packaged and I love the resealable bag for easy storage.All in all a great product.
The BulkSupplements Pure Magnesium Citrate Powder is a unique product in its own right.
as it does dissolve well, it has a lot of health benefits such as calming down , arthritis.
as it comes in a liuid form i prefer the powder for some weird reason.
With it being so affordable, ordering this in a large amount is preferred for me and lastly with it being so  concentrated it can last for a long time
This kitchen steamer is based on a classic design, works very well and is convenient to use.
It can steam a variety of foods, from vegetables and starches, to seafood and eggs.
It's rather large, which can be an issue if your counter space is limited.
Overall, highly recommended.
This steamer is an excellent product.
It does wonderful when cooking rice, boiling eggs, steaming vegetables and more!
It makes clean up a breeze and even has a handy screen for putting seasoning in what your cooking.
Definitley a nice addition to any kitchen!
This is a very nice and roomy steamer.
It has plenty of space to steam multiple items or even just one.
It is on the larger side so it is hard to store when not in use.
All the food that is steamed in it comes out perfect and clean up is easy.
i would recommend this to anyone.
This is a nice little julienne peeler, it does a fantastic job when making zucchini noodles or slicing carrots.
It is not as effective for fruit, which gets stuck and makes it hard to keep slicing.
It's VERY sharp, watch your fingers!
Overall, this Oxo has a comfortable grip and is a great deal.
The Oxo Good Grips Julienne peeler is very handy, comfortable, and works great.
It's a fair price and cuts well.
But it's very sharp, so be careful when handling it.
You may have to stop slicing occasionally to clear out the blade if the veggies get stuck, but overall, it's very easy to use and to clean.
while there are some products that may be cheaper and seem like they might work better short term, but the Oxo Good Grips Julienne peeler is a great tool in the kitchen as is durable for the long haul.. while it is extremely sharp, the shield provide excellent safety and support for your hand.
All in all this is an excellent assistance to using a knife.
Buy this soon
Buying a new dustbuster is unnecessary when in reality just cleaning or replacing the filters will do the job just fine.
Amazon also provides added risk by recommending dustbusters that don't fit with certain filters.
I bought these because I know that these filters are the ones I need.
I've bought them before, but Amazon repeatedly tells me that I need a different filter.
I think their Bought Together section is messed up, so don't buy this filter just because Amazon says to.
Anyways, these filters have always worked well for me.
Before purchasing this product, I highly suggest checking your vaccumn to see what type of filters will fit.
Amazon lists this product with several cyclone vaccumns under the "commonly purchased together" section and that is not correct.
This filter wilk not work in just any cyclone vaccumn.
If this fliter actually fits in your vaccumn, its a great product and will last a long time if you take care of it and rinse it off occassionally.
The picture size is perfect, and the quality is great.
It's a wonderful tool for teaching a child about the solar system.
There is an educational summary for every planet.
However, it is slightly dated since Pluto is still included, but you can just tell your child Pluto retired from its position as a planet.
It's also not laminated, but we put it in a frame and it looks really nice on the wall.
This poster is great for teaching children about the solar system.
It is informative and easy to understand.
It does not come with a frame.
The quality is not the best and may be difficult to read from far away.
Overall, I recommend the poster despite the quality because the price is very low.
The poster is a little outdated because it still lists Pluto as a planet, but it is a beautiful poster.
There are some concerns regarding the quality of the shipping as there was the issue of it not being laminated and also having wrinkles.
These hooks look good but looking good is about all they are good for.
The magnets on these are tiny (about 1/4 of an inch) and they do not hold much of anything.
If you are lucky they might hold a key chain but only if it has one or two keys on it and you have to hang it on the hook gently.
These hooks can hardly even hold a pot holder.
Definitely would not recommend this product if you are actually trying to hang something on them.
These hooks are decent for hanging up very small things.
Common household essentials such as oven mittens or kitchen towels are possible to hang up, but give a hassle with the hook sliding down.
The magnets attach to the hooks are too small to handle many things, but are pretty strong for it's size.
These magnets are not strong enough to hold the kids of things I might use a magnetic hook to hold, such as keys, oven mitts, or picture frames.
I had to use several at a time to hold up even light objects.
Otherwise, the objects tend to slide down the fridge.
Good deal on these tables and chairs!
May come in separate packages but they will be well protected.
Color may vary from what you see on the website so be aware.
Easy assembly.
Seems durable enough.
Great option for a small living space.
The dinning room set is very sturdy, seats are very comfortable and has a nice color.
Great for small area, but I will not advice usage for a large eating area.
It looks great and it is easy to put together.
The top scratches easily.
It was delivered on time and I'm pleased with the purchase.
the product is very easy to assemble.
the size and colors are nice, fit in a small room.
the major drawback of the product is that it often comes damaged, probably when shipping.
Scratches, broken parts, even completely unusable sets are common.
This is a beautiful kettle even though it appears smaller and the color is a little off from the ads and it may seem a bit smaller  but otherwise it looks very nice.
Something to keep in mind of though is the handle seems unable to handle too much heat as it is can melt easier than you'd think.
The color is great.
It works fine as a teapot, but the handle is plastic, so it can't withstand high temperatures.
I had difficulty removing the lid, but got better after some days.
I'm quite happy with it though.
This teapot is cheaply made with a plastic handle, it's not true to color (dark blue instead of turquoise).
The lid is really tight, adding to the frustration.
Save yourself a return and look elsewhere for a better product.
It did not work properly, the photocopy machine jams often.
But the case looks durable and the unit is quite small to fit in any container of my choosing.
It is also rechargeable by using an oven to dry it out.
Easy, convenient way to prevent humidity and moisture in small areas and containers such as safes, cabinets, jewelry boxes, and more.
Features a color indicator to notify you when the pack has reached capacity.
Easy to recharge by placing inside of an oven to dry the crystals out again.
Doesn't work well in large areas, even with multiple packages.
This little unit is efficient for smaller environments that aren't overly  humid.
If you have a large safe or super damp space, this might not be the most practical option.
The case is durable, and I like that there's a green indicator light that tells you when you need to dry it in the oven.
I'd recommend it for a jewelry box, smaller weapons safe, or a cabinet with documents.
This chicken roaster works both in the oven and on the grill.
It's a great way to cook a whole chicken and has a pan underneath to catch all the drippings.
It can be used with a beer can or without, and holds a large chicken.
It's a little tall, so it may not work in all ovens and barbecue grills.
Excellent for cooking whole chickens perfectly when traditional grilling is not possible or inconvenient.
Features a collapsible design and the drip pan underneath catches any drippings making for an easy clean up, or to use for basting.
Best for medium sized chickens so it properly fits inside the oven or grill.
the chicken roaster is a good product.
makes delicious chicken, has a way to put a beer can in to produce a good crunchy crust.
is a little small if you are used making a big chicken, also need to keep in mind that roaster adds to the size, so it might be too big for the over or the grill.
Perfect ice maker for camping or any large gathering.
It makes large ice cubes quickly and is easy to use.
It works as advertised and saves you from spending money on pre-made ice at the store.
It's also well made and if well maintained, it will last for years.
I highly recommend it.
Awesome ice maker that is easy to use, makes ice quickly, and is much more reliable than most ice makers built into refrigerators.
Works well for parties and entertaining, RV traveling, as well as to save money not needing to buy ice from the store.
It will eventually pay for itself!
This ice machine is pretty much perfect for any environment.
We've had it sitting outside all day in the heat during parties and we've taken it along in our RV for ice at the campsite.
It makes nice large ice cubes 24/7.
It's so simple to use that my young kids usually take care of it, and it's easy to clean, too.
If you do a lot of entertaining or camping, you can't go wrong with this ice machine.
Great value machine.
After a few trial runs, you can make the perfect tortilla.
It can also make an array of other edibles such as crepes and pizza crusts.
It is not so good for dough that requires air pockets as it is a press, but for tortillas, it's great.
Customer service is very responsive and helpful.
The CucinaPro Tortilla maker is worth the money.
It's a bit tricky at first, but once you get the hang of it, you get fresh, homemade tortillas that taste great.
It works just like the more expensive presses.
Their customer service is fantastic, very helpful.
I would recommend this to any home cook.
I love this tortilla maker.
It's fun, easy to use and easy to clean up too.
The machine performs same function as a 3000 dollar tortilla press but has no automatic operation.
This product also have a good customer service as it replaced a defective one within a week.
This fan is a great size as it doesn't take up too much space.
However, the airflow doesn't come out from the middle rather it comes out from the sides.
Because of this, you have to play with the position to get the benefits of the cooling aspect.
I would not recommend this for daily use.
This is a cheap fan that doesn't work well.
Air only comes out of one side, instead of out the front, and is very weak.
You can't use oscillate if you wan't to feel any blowing air.
I don't recommend this fan.
Spend a little more money and get one that is much better.
I bought this fan to keep right next to me when I'm working at my desk or reading, and for this purpose, it works great.
There's plenty of airflow for a personal fan, but if you are trying to cool a room, this is not a good option.
The air only comes out one side for some reason, so I do need to angle it appropriately.
It also does not oscillate, but I knew that it didn't have that feature when I ordered it.
It's a bit noisy, so probably not ideal for a super quiet office environment.
The lightweight, quiet and easy to use Miele vacuum is a great and favorable against other competitors Vacuum's such as Dyson.
The Miele has filters that help with eliminating allergens from the air.
One thing regarding the bag replacements is that they can be a little pricey.
Overall the Miele vacuum is recommended.
A really great quality vacuum from Miele such a good product.
Really handy to use around the house on rugs, carpet or hardwood floors and its lightweight.
It was a little pricey but what is price when it does a good job.
Also its really quiet as well.
I give it a thumbs up.
This Miele vacuum is wonderful at sucking up dirt.
It is quiet, and easy to use.
The price is a bit higher than other vacuums on the market but the quality of the product is reflected in its price.
This is a bagged vacuum, so there is an added expense of the bags to be factored in.
The steamer is ideal for making single servings of veggies.
I am not able to use this to make large batches at once.
It is easy and quick to clean.
However, the product is very flimsy and it is easy to spill the food.
Overall, I would not recommend this because of the mess that it makes.
This steamer is perfect for someone cooking a single serving for themselves.
Anyone cooking for anyone other than themselves, however, will probably not enjoy this product as it is very small and only cooks a small portion at a time.
Also, it is made of silicone so the flimsy material causes spills if you are not careful and it is very hot when you pull it out of the microwave.
If you love steamed veggies this is the dream steamer you should have at home.
The steamer takes less space in kitchen and very quick to steam all kind of veggies.
Very easy to to use and easy to clean.
It will steam veggies for a serving for two people at a time.
This product is a great addition to any kitchen!
The color is fantastic and it's sturdy build is perfect for holding as many kitchen utensils as it does!
It holds a lot of utensils without being too big and bulky so it fits nicely on the kitchen cabinet.
Definitely would recommend for any kitchen!
This Le Creuset crock is sizable, able to hold over a dozen utensils, including ones with thick rubber handles.
It will save drawer space, and be an attractive addition to any kitchen.
The utensil crock Le Creuset is a perfect fit for any kitchen.
You will love the color and the space to hold many kitchen tools.
It takes smaller space but give you bigger space to store key utensils at one spot.
Definitely recommend this Simply beautiful and reliable product.