I absolutely agree (some, from first-hand experience) that sexual assault or violence toward someone causes great stress and potential PTSD.
I agree that dangerous people, who have been found, in a trial, to be guilty, should be punished, removed from campus, and most likely, sentenced to a jail term.
I also think it's important to remember that our U.S. Constitution (or maybe it's the Bill of Rights) guarantees a fair trial to anyone accused of a crime.
It is possible, and even likely, that some gray-area type situations might occur on a college campus, and do we really want to immediately jail a young person who may have made an unwise move, but possibly intended no harm?
Again, I think it's crucial to step up security on campus.
Have plenty of cameras.
Have someone available who can walk students around the campus at night and as necessary.
And put on training programs about how such incidents will be handled and punished; how No means No, and so forth.
I understand your point and it is completely logical.
However, there have been instances where someone claimed they were sexually assaulted and the person who was accused later attacked, harmed and/or killed the accuser while the investigation was happening.
I agree that we can't jump to conclusions too early, but there have been several cases where removing the accused right away could have saved a life.
The advancement of cell phone videos have shown crimes being committed but they have also shown many of these "crimes" have been justified.
There are issues between communities and police, but how many are created by those communities and how many are created by the police?
Going back decades to prove a current situation doesn't change that currently  things are much better then they ever were for minorities, there is always ways to improve and there are further steps to take but making the issue sound like an epidemic only gets people to tune you out.
I agree that the US should make sure there's enough resources going towards fighting ISIS.
It's true that ISIS is a threat to democracy but the actions taken by the US can be a threat to itself and its citizens.
I understand your position on this matter which is why we should be careful in how the US handles ISIS, the government needs to make sure to filter the exact problems.
i think its wast of time i we want to action first do that
I agree with you.
Women have not been historically favored in the workplace.
I believe it would help to hire more women in the STEM fields, as a catalyst to changing the workplace.
I agree.
Social media seems to be a forum to breed anger and hate.
Often news is posted out of context or becomes mixed with personal opinion that could mislead the reader on the facts.
I think the alleged perpetrator should not be removed before the evidence against them is examined.
It's important to make sure the claim against them is founded before removing them, as it could have detrimental effects on them if they are not actually guilty.
It is important to keep the rights of both individuals in mind when making this determination.
The public reaction has not been overblown , if anything it is severely muted.
It is certainly true that women are underrepresented in math, sciences, and engineering, and that measures should be taken to correct this imbalance.
A key reason for the lack of representation in STEM jobs is the myriad of factors that prevent women from receiving an advanced degree in the first place.
So while it is true that women are underrepresented in these fields, the pool of qualified female candidates is often smaller than males.
It will likely be much easier to achieve a better gender balance when there are equal or similar numbers of qualified candidates by gender.
As such, addressing the barriers that women specifically face in education may better solve the root of the problem.
I believe that this makes the case that it is not overblown.
In actuality it just exposes the problem that has not been able to be identified for a long period of time.
Since all of these new cases are brought up it shows that police confrontations are actually more common and worse than we expected.
I agree that there are people that are malicious towards others and will make up lies about others.
All decisions take time to investigate and look into both sides of the situation.
The legal process is a length one to prove innocent or guilty and you have to respect all sides until a verdict is reached.
I understand your stance about feminism and sexism based on this claim.
Although I agree that it's not "fair" that women should get a boost while being hired, women have gone through a lot more hardships than men within the last few centuries.
Even though I am a male, I feel like I have been given more chances with job opportunities.
I think it is very sad to say that this has been overblown.
So many people have lost their lives unnecessarily.
I can see where you are coming from, but I whole heartedly disagree.
I think racism is still a very real issue in this country.
I do agree that the rioting and destruction has been awful and is not acceptable behavior.
The police have a very difficult job to do as it is, without having to worry about being fired or prosecuted for a cell phone clip that may or may not show the whole, true story.
I think the public that is not involved in these incidents need to be more open minded, and get all of the facts.
Social media and mainstream media makes this difficult.
I can see your point.
In the health field there needs to be no gender dominance.
I do believe however, that the view is more based upon what people have come to experience rather than what they feel is 'norm'.
In other words, not that women cannot be physicians, or should not, just that they have more experience in having a male physician than a female one.
We need to take the possible victim's safety into account.
The alleged perpetrator and accuser should not have access to each other for safety reasons.
The accused could also be in danger of retribution from people who believe the accuser and want to do him harm.
Perhaps both accuser and suspect should be removed from campus.
I very much agree with this statement, the government invests a lot of resources in weapons, being able to use that budget to give free education to poor Americans, as well as free primary health care.
the trillions that companies spend on military equipment, which I can use to create free hospitals and schools, and so the employment rate for our nation grows.
You are right that the officers in charge deserve due investigation of their actions before taking any drastic actions against them under the circumstances.
By the same token, justice should be extended to the suspects at the earliest if there is sufficient evidence that it is indeed the officer violating the protocol.
The minorities have as much right to protection as any other citizen and who would they turn to if the protectors of law became a threat instead?
You raise a good point about needing to take steps to reduce victim fear.
I do feel that punishing a person who hasn't be proven guilty to be wrong however.
Our entire justice system is based upon the notion of innocent until proven guilty.
This should not change because the crime happened on a college campus rather than the street.
The alleged perpetrator will face unwarranted stigma and fall behind in their studies.
Administrators can offer support to victims, but colleges may not be ... recommended procedures for judging allegations of sexual assault, under ...
While few deny that sexual assault is a problem on campuses, ... accused students who were suspended or expelled are increasingly ...
They very well might.
Innocent until proven guilty truly is the right if the accused.
However the alleged victim has rights too.
They should both be removed from the campus until investigations are completed.
This would be for the safety of both parties against retaliation from outside parties.
I would rather have the accused have a reason the sue later than them being hurt or killed until they are proven guilty or not.
I agree that we didn't have social media 10 years ago like we do now.
Yes, everyone carries a cell phone.
So, more of these incidents are captured on video.
I do agree that police have to defend their actions more today because of their actions are more likely to be caught on video.
I also think most police officers are doing their jobs well, but as you said the same types of issues were going on.
There just wasn't social media to capture it.
I do think that we could agree that those sorts of incidents shouldn't have been occurring and shouldn't continue to occur.
The actions of some police officers could reflect poorly on others who are doing their jobs well.
It is true that there has long been an underrepresentation of women in mathematics, science, and engineering.
It is true that women overtly overtly barred from entering these fields and this may still be seen in the employment statistics for these fields.
Egalitarian treatment should be prioritized to ensure that no group is prioritized over another due to circumstances that they cannot change.
For this reason, it is preferable to not give any one group priority in hiring decisions provided their qualifications are the same.
i agree with this statement, social media along with the help of some tv channels blow things out of the water by injecting their own narratives and thoughts about what might have happened.
I understand your point but fighting things like ISIS should be a top mission for the united states.
I believe that the United States is able to achieve the spread of isis and other similar organizations by utilizing other methods .
The United States isnt doing a great job at protecting the countries that are vulnerable to these organizations .
The United States is already spending a lot of money and resources in this area but i believe that they do not need any more as a lot of the money and resources arent being used effectively.
I think the speed at which information can reach audiences can sometimes lead to sensationalist and inaccurate information.
Media just wants money and clicks.
They do not really care about the truth.
Some individuals do, but companies want money and views and clicks.
While ISIS is very dangerous to our world, I feel that the US could better use its resources by investing in other government departments.
Our plan against ISIS has worked well, but we should allow other nations and organizations to take a larger role in the situation.
In exchange for this, the US could use funds to help Americans at home with problems such as unemployment and the pandemic.
I absolutely agree with everything stated!
It is a basic right to be considered innocent until proven otherwise.
The accused has the right to be treated fairly just as much as the victim has the right to protection from the accused.
While I do believe that someone should be treated and looked at as innocent until proven guilty I think we need to take allegations such as sexual assault very seriously.
I think to make this issue fairly for both parties dealing with a serious and tricky situation BOTH parties should be removed until the issue is resolved and the truth is brought forward.
I think by doing this it will make bringing this issues forward more serious and making a possible sexual assault from happening make it known something will be done no matte what.
We have to be more drastic about these issues since in the past the have sadly been ignored.
I think they make some valid points.
Media does not make this are better because they have a bias to make things sensational.
This causes tensions to rise.
However, I think there is a real issue of mistrust between minorities and the police.
There have also been clear instances of abuse of power of the police.
I agree that the perpetrator should be given a fair trial before any action's are taken.
I think that everything should be properly investigated, rather than solely going off accusation.
I think their has been times where people have lied about sexual assault like you mentioned, no one is exempt from lying.
The RAs called the campus police, who notified the Amherst police.
Effective immediately, Bonsu was banned from all university housing and ... govern the handling of sexual-assault allegations on campus today.
... can be victims of sexual violations and women can be perpetrators, ...
He was expelled .tudent s found “responsible” face modest penalties, while victims are traumatized ... Students found “responsible” for sexual assaults on campus often face ... process, as well as 33 female students who have reported being sexually ... for alleged sexual assaults on college campuses can face little
I believe that is true and should do well to follow the tenets of of legal system that say" Innocent until proven guilty" but at the same time we shouldn't disregard the victim who is deeply traumatised by this incident and is deeply in need of quick justice, this should be done to haste to provide a means of succor to the victim affected.
rovide your response in the text box below:   Note: this page will not let you advance for 2 mi
I see your point completely on removing the perpetrator and if there is evidence to corroborate the claim of the assault.
But the world is weird and the news is full of false accusations.
So, if a person is falsely accused but immediately removed from Campus then they suffer the consequences of the false accusation and they lose the ability to complete their classes and stay on track in their degrees.
Maybe there needs to be review boards in place to make quick decisions on the evidence of the case...but just to say "any allegation creates an immediate removal situation" will just create more false accusation situations.
I understand your concerns about world power structure, and I agree with you on some points.
It is important to ensure a balance of powers between large nations, as this prevents them from being able to exert undue pressure onto other countries which could cause suffering and raise authoritarianism around the globe.
However, I think that there are significant investments that could be made to support American citizens, providing jobs and education, and increasing quality of life, allowing us to exert a different sort of persuasive power globally that engenders cooperation and collaboration instead of nations exerting their wills through military force.
It was a great cause for sexual harassment on able to attain this managerial process.
It need to accomplish the action process for the situation to manipulate the equipment of greater in the case of sexual malpractices.
While I agree that statistics back up that there are very few false sexual assault reports, I believe it is a violation of an individual's rights when they have not yet been found guilty.
If it was the case that anyone could be accused of sexual abuse and immediately removed from campus, it would allow people with bad intentions to weaponize sexual assault allegations to get back at someone they do not like.
I think it would be best to further investigate the allegations to identify if they have merit, and if they do action should be taken at that point.
Again, a person is innocent until proven guilty.
You can not punish someone and ruin their lives when you are not sure if they have committed the crime.
Even if the evidence against this person is overwhelming and you have absolute proof of the crime, you are not permitted to enact any type of vigilante justice, which would include ruining this person's life by taking them not only out of school but out of society?
What if it was your child, sibling or other close family member or friend?
Would you want them to be immediately punished without a trial?
As much as we may dislike the person, the law affords them this protection and we have to obey it.
Of course, like any profession, some officers are bad at their job and have no business wearing the uniform.
So what do we do?
We suspend them with pay.
How is that supposed to change anything or punish?
The phrases is "a few bad apples spoils the bunch", so you can't shrug off this problem by saying, essentially, that there are a few bad apples.
That in and of itself is a huge problem.
Additionally, I have seen firsthand the microagressions that exist amongst police officers that, while not something the media would view as story-worthy, do show a deeper need for sensitivity and reform in the profession.
Also, "they act like criminals" is again absolving these police of their wrongdoing; they aren't acting like it, they are criminals.
They just aren't getting punished for it.
This "protect your own" viewpoint is yet another thing that is deeply embedded in law enforcement, and quite frankly is contributing to the problem.
The United State should give more efforts on fighting terrorist.
Because it will make secured the country.
I agree, if the accuser feels unsafe at the current establishment, then they should remove themselves until more evidence is available.
The accused should not be held accountable until it is proven otherwise.
The establishment needs to bring order so that they and the people involved are both fairly treated.
I agree with the statement that social media has definitely enhanced the problem with police using excessive force to minorities, some of it being to violent to look at.
However, I feel social media has helped bring awareness to the problem and with helping to come up with solutions to stop it.I have personally seen many movements that counteract and bring awareness in stopping the police and minority crime issue.
I agree with you that the rise in cameras everywhere, coupled with social media is what is bringing these events to the forefront of social consciousness.
I also agree that these events have been going on long before the rise of social media, which makes them a continuance of a pattern of violence against people of color.
I believe police should have to defend their actions given this history of violence and discrimination.
It does seem possible to allow an accused perpetrator to remain on campus in certain circumstances, as long as the accuser does not have to interact with them.
It might be difficult to enforce a simple restraining order on a small campus, however.
As long as a trial is held within a reasonable time frame, the disruption to the accused should be fairly small, and a policy can be put in place to help such a person keep up with their coursework while they are off-campus.
I agree wholeheartedly that there seems to be a systematic problem between some police officers and some minorities.
There is no doubt that some minority individuals have been treated terribly unfairly and sometimes injured or killed by some police officers.
I'm wondering if it just depends on the police officer and the minority individual.
Some officers are scared and have a hair-trigger with minority groups due to past experiences with a few individuals.
Others may not have the steely nerves you need to be a peace officer.
The public absolutely should have this knowledge and the understanding of what is happening in to some minority individuals in the hands of the police, but I think that it has become an "us" and "them" situation that does not actually address the problem.
While I agree that women are underrepresented in the workplace, giving them special treatment when applying for jobs minimizes their natural ability and impact in the workforce.
Yes, in many instances women are just as qualified if not more qualified then their male counterparts.
However, human resource personnel (or any hiring manager) should never take someones race or sex into consideration when reviewing job applicants.
A persons work history, education and skill sets should set them apart and nothing else.
The United States of America has a duty to protect and serve it's citizens first and foremost.
We have not taken care of our own, so, how can we presume to know what is best for others.
Perhaps we need to let other countries get bad enough so that their citizens will rise up and fight their own battles.
That is the most proven way of social change.
Minority incidents with police have been recorded through cell phones.
These incidents let the public make up their minds about these incidents.
The police acted the way they like simply because they have power and authority.
some innocent people had been treated unfairly because they lack power to protect them selfs.
I think that media often does skew the way that we see certain things.
You are definitely right in that regard.
However, I still believe that minority groups are unfairly targeted.
If we say that the media has overblown the issue, then you are essentially diminishing the entirety of the issue even if that is not your intention.
Obviously we cannot take everything we see on the news as an accurate representation of reality, but perhaps we should pursue a more moderate approach and try to understand why certain groups might feel, or are, targeted more frequently.
the public reaction has been over blown if anything it is severly muted recent confrontations are simply
Opportunities should be provided for people who are qualified.
Gender should never play a role in hiring decisions.
If a women has the correct credentials, degrees, she will get the job.
I agree that there are some bad cops out there.
However, this does not mean that all cops are bad  - just as all minorities should not be thought of as bad.
My assertion is that when a police officer stops a car, whether it is justified or not - obey the officer.
If he tells you to put your hands up, do it.
There is always time to bring the truth up in court if there is a miscarriage of justice.
Officers have a difficult job, and they never know who has a gun.
It is a scary position to be in.
Just do what they tell you and ask questions later...and LIVE.
I understand where you’re coming from.
It’s a really tough subject and it produces strong emotions.
I’m thinking that we are all innocent until proven guilty and need to remember to give the accused the benefit of the doubt.
ISIS is a dangerous terrorist organization that needs to be stopped, but I can't imagine what other resources are required for us to deal with them.
We have already committed our overly-spec'd military to fighting ISIS, what more do we need?
I totally agree about under representation of candidates in hiring in STEM fields.
However I disagree about their being only one approach to "give priority" in hiring decisions.
The issue to me is that frequently women aren't even in the place to be hired - ie they are not recruited or don't apply.
You have to go way back to understand why this is.
We need to improve participation at all parts of the process, from school to college to internships to initial hiring and promotion.
It there are no women (or people of color) in a set of candidates for consideration, it should be up to the panel to explain why this is.
A holistic approach will be in the longterm, much more successful than a simple rule which can easily be abused.
To protect the victim's wellbeing, absolute care should be enacted.
To take action, there must be sufficient proof.
However, sexual assualt is tough to prove, as many of it's happenings are unexpected, or in a very vulnerable environment where proof is the last thing the victim is thinking of gathering.
I do not believe the perpetrator should be removed immediately, but definently suspended, or put on a temporary leave until both parties can create a timetable of the events.
I agree with this summation.
It is very important that each individual’s rights be protected.
We shouldn’t rush to judgment before knowing all the facts.
I agree with the principle that candidates should be hired based on their qualifications rather than their gender.
However, using the method you described may not lead to increased representation in STEM fields because women have been systematically discouraged from pursuing these fields due to outdated beliefs that women are not suited for such work.
Therefore, because women are underrepresented in the talent pool to begin with, using a completely blind hiring approach is not enough to correct historical underrepresentation in these fields.
I understand your viewpoint.
Isis rebels have been responsible for many brutal murders and horrible atrocities.
However, people have the right to life.
And many people are smart.
Not all people who belong to ISIS go out and murder.
Think about the children.
Do they deserve to be killed for the sins of their parents?
I agree that someone who has perpetrated domestic violence should be removed from campus, but if you do not allow for an investigation you could be punishing someone who has done nothing wrong.
Steps should be taken to ensure that the alleged perpetrator does not have contact with the alleged victim, but if you rush to judgment, you will create a situation that incentives false allegations.
By separating the individuals involved you will address the concerns of having the victim feel post traumatic stress.
The United States needs to focus its efforts on every problem mentioned in the statement.
The United States needs to set short term and long term goals, for every conflict mentioned.
Focusing on one problem only, will worsen the other problems more, making very little progress on trying to solve all.
Setting short term goals with every problem will keep the wanted outcome in sight.
Teaching ethics among children is the necessary one to avoid future crimes
Women do not like the gender divide for hiring.
Hiring more based on merit rather than gender is important.
A diverse hiring panel would be a better policy than implementing gender quotas.
ISIS is indeed a brutal terrorist organization that kills innocent people.
The US is already investing significant resources in fighting ISIS-we have one of the largest military budgets in the world and we invest significantly in diplomacy and international aid.
So, it's not clear that spending more money would help with the problem of ISIS, and it would take resources away from other important problems, such as fighting poverty at home and pandemic response.
I understand your viewpoint, but you also need to consider that police are just doing a job.
They also should be able to safely perform their job and expect to return home at night.
Minorities could certainly help the situation if they followed orders such as to drop their weapons, provide ID or empty their pockets.
Then they can home at night too.
The police also kill or wound a number of white people.
Some of these situations are also uncalled for.
Why are these situations, that are involving white people, not put.
In the public eye.
These situations are just as important as when it happens to minorities.
the public is really cooperates the  police but people does not need
I see your point about social media, but isn't it a good thing that police have to be held accountable for their actions?
I don't think these confrontations should be taken lightly, and it's better to have something on video so we can see what really happened.
Without any type of proof to be seen, none of these incidents would come to light and certain officers may get away with things they shouldn't.
Now the public is fully aware of what can, has and could happen because of the media.
This is a good thing because now people can be hold accountable.
You cannot dwell on the past - being human is just that...being human.
Most people can change but you have to let them.
creating a sense between public and minority and baltimore.
can done repair the cycle of misunderstanding between minorities and public
Removing the accused from campus is not an action driven by emotions.
Removing the accused from campus is the best for everyone's safety.
This action won't hurt anyone, it is just an easy precaution.
There are real issues between police and the communities they serve that are only being addressed because of the attention being paid through Black Lives Matter and other protests
I agree in the judicial system of innocent until proven guilty.
The accused in a sexual assault case should be barred from having contact with the accuser.
If that means they are barred from campus and that is the College's policy, then it should be followed.
Caring for our own nation does not excuse the need to defend Western civilization from our enemies.
These organizations threaten both the US and more importantly Europe.
They are attacking and invading the heart of our faith and heritage, and they must be stopped.
The poor are poor for a reason, and giving them aid will do nothing but make them dependent imbeciles.
I agree that whoever is hired should be qualified for the job.
Nobody should be hired just because they're a woman, and employers shouldn't deny potential employees just because they're men.
Women do need more representation, however, and we must make STEM fields more inviting to women.
Most hiring decisions cannot be made blindly; few people are hired by their resume alone.
And there is no lack of employers who are sexist.
Since sexism is deeply ingrained into society, we should take measures to counteract it.
Prioritizing female graduates is not pity, but rather a countermeasure to ensure that they are hired regardless of sexism; by no means will it entirely get rid of sexist employees, but it is certainly a step in the right direction and will help the process.
Sexist co-workers will make women uncomfortable regardless of how they were hired, but improving the representation of qualified women will ultimately improve the workplace environment.
I understand your feelings on this topic.
It is a very complex and sensitive situation.
I think that while this certainly protects the accuser we need to think about what this may do to someone falsely accused.
The United States focusing on fighting hunger,climate change,lack of education is good but focusing more on terrorist groups would yield greater result and bring peace to the world.
I agree with this statement.
It would be amazing to see more women in a male dominated field.
However, it would feel less rewarding as a woman to receive a job offer due to my gender.
Credentials should play a big factor when hiring a potential employee, regardless of gender.
I think organizations like ISIS are a threat; however I think they are overplayed, due to the fact that they will not strike us here in the states.
I think they are a threat in the Middle East and the people there, and even to some in Europe.
But I don't think they're dumb enough to attack us on our soil.
That, and I'm pretty sure ISIS is nearly done?
We must fight the enemy before it gets stronger.
Let the whole world see who is the sheriff.
I believe my viewpoint is mostly in line with this.
That a "blind", objective hiring process, would be helpful.
I can see your point of view in this matter.
I agree with your point of view but I believe that people are responsible for the response they get back from police officers.
I slightly agree with investing resources in fighting the spread of ISIS and similar organizations.
However, I feel it is not the most pressing issue at this time.
Instead I feel our main focus should be combatting the COVID 19 pandemic by investing in medical science, and providing stimulus assistance to our citizens.
The military should be responsible for ISIS, and our government should concern itself with everyday life of our citizens.
I tend to agree with you.
This system of checking into the situation is right and just, as you said, a part of our legal system is the assumption of innocence until guilt is proven.
I would like to add to your point that reports being investigated should discourage false reports.
This makes it all the more vital that these investigations begin immediately, so as not to prolong the exposure of the victim to the perpetrator, if guilt is, in fact, determined.
I completely agree that in order to remove a student there needs to be substantial evidence to do so.
I also feel that in a sexual assault situation, or any negative or harmful situation that everything should be kept quiet and confidential so as not to potentially ruin and looked down upon both individuals.
Otherwise anybody could just accuse someone of some sort of wrong doing which in itself would be enough to harm someone.
I agree with your statements.
I agree that many times, accusers "the alleged victim" sometimes falsely accuses somebody of the other sex of a sexual assault.
I do believe that it first needs to be done, before any arrest is made.
I would understand that some sort of separation of the victim and accused be separated, and that it may require the accused being removed from campus, until the investigation is finished.
I understand that schooling is important, and it may be possible for the accused to still be able to do schoolwork from another location, and continue schooling.
I do believe that if they are innocent, they should have the option to make up work.
I agree with your statement, and enjoyed your point of view of this situation.
It was assumed guilt in cases of sexual assault and accusations.
Women are not to be believed simply because they are women.
Men lie, women lie, everybody is capable of lying.
While I agree that it is of the utmost importance to watch the person and put them on probation, I don't think they should be entirely removed without a trial.
Sexual assault is an extremely serious topic, and it is important to believe victims, but it is also important not to allow someone's life to be upset from a potentially false accusation.
We need to offer more protective services and safe spaces with security cameras while the issue is investigated properly and swiftly to ensure everyone stays safe and secure, even a potential abuser.
I agree that human life is valuable and all should have right to their dignity.
You also make a good point that awareness of self protection has increased over the past few years; however, I think most would agree that preservation of all human life has not decreased or is being ignored.
Fatal interaction between police and citizens occur from situations that neither side wants to be in, yet someone found themselves in and acted accordingly based on their beliefs and mindset at the time.
While I understand your point of view, I think it's slight a stretch to say dehumanization from police is what is occurring.
I think that the reaction is perfectly normal and it seems to be a growing issue.
One of the many point people say is that the media hypes everything when in actually all the media does is expose it.
Yes some have their own agenda but they post what they think the public wants to know
As a woman, I understand the need for representation in the workplace.
However, being provided with special treatment is not the answer.
Just because we have been wronged and taken advantage of in the past does not mean that we should be put on a pedestal now.
Instead I believe what should happen is that woman should be treated equal to men and have wages equal to those of men.
We should be provided with the same learning and career opportunities as men.
Not having an alleged rapist removed from campus is what would be ridiculous.
Maybe students should be in constant fear of not assaulting anybody.
They might be on better behavior that way.
"Fake accusations" are very rare.
I would not feel safe being around someone who I knew had sexually assaulted someone.
I completely agree that ISIS is a terrible threat to the world, and that the US has a powerful position in defeating this terrorist organization.
Given the current economic circumstances in the US, I think that other countries should play a major economic and military role in fighting ISIS as well.
The US shouldn't be the only country that should have to take down an organization that threatens many developed countries, but the US should definitely play a major role in getting countries on board to fight ISIS.
The RAs called the campus police, who notified the Amherst police.
Effective immediately, Bonsu was banned from all university housing and ... govern the handling of sexual-assault allegations on campus today.
... can be victims of sexual violations and women can be perpetrators, ...
He was expelled.
I agree that there has been excessive force issues that result in the death of minorities by the police, however, the media sometimes need to replay the incidents in order to reach a wide audience.
I think this is a great point.
We should consider the feelings and well being as the victim.
At the same time we need to protect the rights of the accused.