I completely agree with you that ISIS is indeed a symptom of larger problems plaguing countries in the Middle East; however, these problems in the Middle East are very complex.
It is very difficult to know for sure what the potential consequences of United States intervention in the Middle East would be and whether the potential risks outweigh the potential benefits.
I agree that human life is valuable and all should have right to their dignity.
You also make a good point that awareness of self protection has increased over the past few years; however, I think most would agree that preservation of all human life has not decreased or is being ignored.
Fatal interaction between police and citizens occur from situations that neither side wants to be in, yet someone found themselves in and acted accordingly based on their beliefs and mindset at the time.
While I understand your point of view, I think it's slight a stretch to say dehumanization from police is what is occurring.
Sometimes the alleged perpetrator should be removed from campus immediately.
That is not always the case as the alleged has rights also.
Perhaps looking at their history would help indicate if their immediate removal is necessary.
I agree wholeheartedly that there seems to be a systematic problem between some police officers and some minorities.
There is no doubt that some minority individuals have been treated terribly unfairly and sometimes injured or killed by some police officers.
I'm wondering if it just depends on the police officer and the minority individual.
Some officers are scared and have a hair-trigger with minority groups due to past experiences with a few individuals.
Others may not have the steely nerves you need to be a peace officer.
The public absolutely should have this knowledge and the understanding of what is happening in to some minority individuals in the hands of the police, but I think that it has become an "us" and "them" situation that does not actually address the problem.
I agree that police sometimes abuse their authority.
I can not agree that it is only towards minorities.
Many white people are treated badly but that does not fit the liberal media narrative.
While I agree that increasing women's representation in these fields would likely prove beneficial, I also believe that giving priority to anyone in regards to hiring decisions could end up being equally, if not more, detrimental.
Instead, I believe that further enforcing equal opportunity in this regard, rather than equal results, could prove to be very effective in resolving this issue.
By providing underrepresented groups the opportunity to be at the same level as other applicants, the chances of those underrepresented individuals gaining jobs in any given field are all but guaranteed to increase significantly.
To compensate for the current majority's tendency to naturally gravitate towards these fields, schools could ease others in, diversifying high school classes, college courses, and the workers.
In short, although we agree that the issue needs to be solved, I believe that we should use a method that doesn't take away value from the merits of applicants, as it would both allow diversity and give those who need greater representation more experience in these fields, which should benefit them drastically.
While I do believe increasing diversity in industries can lead to increased growth among the industry and population, I believe giving jobs to people based on merit rather than where they come from or how they look will provide more consistent growth overall.
I do not believe that someone should get into a school or get a job simply because they are an ethnic minority or are a woman.
Rather, our society should be based on a meritocracy where people who have earned that position are given it independent of race, gender or socio-economic status.
I see your point about immediate removal of the accused party being an overreaction.
It is true that it could potentially cause fear among students however if they've done nothing wrong they should not be fearful.
I agree that without proof a student should not be permanently removed from campus but temporary removal pending investigation is a good idea.
I agree largely with your points.
I do feel that we should be worried about investing in a sunk cost, in that we need to be constantly critical of the reasoning behind our foreign occupations at all times.
However, ISIS does easily prove to be a threat against objective "goodness" in the world.
I do not know how swift we can realistically eliminate the threat, but the sooner the better.
i feel that social media has contributed to the problem by repeatedly replaying
I agree the victim needs peace of mind but the perpetrator could also be innocence so they deserve it too.
I agree they will be in a horrible state of mind but so are the falsely accused.
It is a very serious crime but we should let the justice system play out.
I agree no chances should be taken but what if they are innocent?
I agree that no one can justify allowing someone to continue to terrorize others.
I also agree that the wheels of justice can sometimes be slow to turn.
The problem is how to preserve the rights of the accused as well as protect the victims.
This is often the grey area of justice that is hard to figure out.
Victims well being should be the utmost priority as well as ensuring that contact between the victim and the accused is kept at zero, while also preserving the rights of the accused.
i agree the that the public reaction has had the benefit of forcing issues of police misconduct
It is true that social media outlets have been replaying and repeating these incidents endlessly online.
It has resulted in a lot of polarization between people.
I support the police, but I also understand where minorities are coming from on this issue.
The alleged perpetrator should not be removed or subjected to any negative action unless there was evidence.
Too many women just get mad at someone and make up crimes.
I can understand that if the crime actually happened there may be negative feelings.
Until there is some proof the person should not be removed from campus.
I completely agree that anyone convicted should be taken off the streets.
However our justice system does need to work.
While most victims do not lie about an attack, some do, and some do.
Just as I would never want to see a victim of assault suffer, nor would I want to see a persons life destroyed due to false accusations,
Be informed about state laws, regulations and policies on all equity issues, including bullying and harassment and child abuse laws.
prohibiting discrimination against all protected classes (including race, religion and sexual orientation) and assist whenever possible
While a victim can be protected from interacting with their accused abuser it makes sense to go through a legal and thorough investigation.
Assault accusations cannot be taken lightly by either side.
Both lives could be ruined and we need to take that into account.
If there's a reason to think there might be a threat then further actions could be taken, but that would have to be very outright.
Once an investigation has been done, then the decision to remove can be made, but not before.
While the alleged perpetrator should be given an opportunity to have due process and a fair trial, there are many instances where the woman is not lying and does feel uncomfortable.
Yes, everyone lies, but perhaps it is for the benefit of the doubt to have both the man and the woman separated from one another.
If they stay separated it at least shows that the university is trying to give some sense of understanding to both sides.
I understand what you are saying and find it to be true, but we also need to think about the alleged "perpetrator".
If they are removed immediately, and they did not commit the crime, how would that feel?
I think action should be taken immediately, you are very correct and I agree, but we need to think about both parties and not take sides immediately.
I agree that the rights of the accused must be upheld.
On a college campus, being entirely removed from ones studies can be devastating and expensive.
I believe that it is important to err on the side of caution when it comes to protecting the alleged victim, but if the claims are unfounded then it isn't fair to punish the accused.
I see what you are saying but I give the benefit of the doubt to the woman as she isn't strong enough to escape a man.
No one truly knows what happened but look at the long history of women being assaulted and nothing coming from it.
Where is their justice?
I understand that women have been underrepresented historically but I don't necessarily think it should affect our thinking now.
We should help more women gain qualifications as a priority.
Historical discrimination can't be corrected in any other way.
It is true that people should be given due process and have a fair trial.
I think that the system that is set up right now doesn't work for sexual assault because you have a he said she said scenario.
Which makes it very hard to determine who's lying.
I agree, ISIS can be extremely dangerous per the threats they present.
I can see that adequate resources may be necessary to combat this threat.
The threat is serious and should be addressed, perhaps with caution.
I see your point of view addressing how threatening ISIS but they are one of many threats to the democracy and safety of US citizens.
We have presence of all types of ethnic people in our law enforecement, still the total department is branded as biased and using excessive force on minorities.
There is clear evidence of highhandedness and rash action from cops
To immediately remove someone who has been accused of a crime is against their rights.
The reason why I agree with his topic s that the spreading of ISIS is a great threat to the country, although other sectors of the economy need maximum attention but this s also one of the important topics he country ust be attentive to.
And also investing in human resources is one of the greatest strength of every country, though others are also important.
I agree with your points on feminism and can see how this policy could set back that goal.
However I think that it is true that woman and undereprented in Stem fields due to hiring discrimination.
This policy could help woman achieve their goals and level the field.
I understand not to assume your guilty until the due process has completed, but consider the victim as well.
Their are two sides to the story, your side and the victims side.
Both sides are going to have truth, lies and the way you both perceive the situation.
I agree that safety from threats should not be our sole focus but it should be part of our focus.
Of course, the military should focus on outside threats but we should use resources other than the military in our foreign policy.
Our economy and resources are directly tied to the world economy and resources.
It might be possible to take care of our home at the same time we are aiding others around us.
I agree that there has been excessive force issues that result in the death of minorities by the police, however, the media sometimes need to replay the incidents in order to reach a wide audience.
There is no doubt that all human life has value, Everyone needs to be shown respect.
Both the suspect and the police officer.
If both act in a polite and respectful manner, things will work out a lot better for all.
i believe the public reaction is a residue of misinformation or ignorance.
I agree that the investigation should be done immediately.
The person accused is also presumed innocent but how much weight of guilt is there on this person?
Again, things should escalate quickly and put the accused on a temporary leave while it gets sorted out.
In the case of a sexual assault accusation on a campus, both of the parties need to be investigated.
Relationships can be very emotional and passionate which can lead to anger and lies.
The accuser has a right to due process just as the assaulted does.
It is true that judgement cannot be placed until proof is given which is why an investigation is necessary.
I understand where you're coming from but a potential victim should not be punished for reporting an alleged crime.
I agree that this could be hard for an establishment to enforce this policy but I also believe that it would be worse for that same establishment to potentially allow the crime to reoccur.
I agree that the United States has spent considerable amount of money on military resources.
This has been a part of our foreign policy for several generations.
I also agree that there are probably other opportunities in establishing "peace in the Middle East," such as providing educational and food services to areas in need that are prone to violence.
However, I believe there are currently pressing issues that demand military action; and unfortunately, these issues require a certain level of finance.
Hopefully, as we continue to in press forward in our campaign to protect the Middle East, we can divert resources from solely military spending, and onto other endeavors.
I do agree with you that having this type of policy may cause innocent students to be unfairly punished.
Another way of looking at this situation would be that investigations take time, and keeping the accused and the victim in close proximity could cause further harm.
If there was another way of separating the two until the situation could be resolved I believe that campus’s would certainly entertain the idea.
I agree with you that we need healthcare, more jobs and education and a lot of people are struggling with these issues and it would be a good use of money to invest in these issues.
At the same time we still need to focus on curbing ISIS and other terrorist groups around the world.
I understand that you feel a person is innocent until proven guilty, but I fear for the accusers' safety  However, I also understand the accused situation.
Perhaps there could be some type of compromise that would satisfy both parties.
From my understanding you are arguing for both sides.
I agree that not all law enforcement is bad,however there seems to be less and less of those good cops entering the field.
Some people purposely join to kill others.
It's has turned into a legal genocide as a lot of cops are getting away with it.
I understand your view, but the number one role of the government under the constitution is to protect the citizens.
All the issues you mentioned are important, just as important as our national security.
What would be the purpose of protecting the American people from the virus, getting the economy back up and running, and decreasing unemployment, only to allow our enemies to attack us.
I agree that it is important not to cast any doubt on a woman in STEM with affirmative action policies, and I see now that giving women priority will only hurt them.
There are a lot of workplaces in and out of STEM that do seem like they're only filling a quota or using minorities and women as tokens, so I see your point.
I agree that a diverse hiring panel will be leagues better than a panel of older white men trying to tick off boxes.
I definitely agree with your last point.
Police officers are constantly on guard about their behavior due to social media--I think to some degree everyone is on guard in the same way due to social media.
It has caused us to react to even the slightest perceived injustice.
However, it's good to keep in mind that police abuses against minorities has always been an issue.
The Rodney King beating and ensuing riots are a really clear example of this.
This happened well before social media, but the impact was felt all throughout Los Angeles, California, and the rest of the country.
I agree with the statements that people need education, jobs, and healthcare, and that it is important for the government to invest in the people who live in the country.
I think in an overall context it is fair to say that war and military are not things the country is struggling with, however I do think that in the long term the government's support of making the whole world a better place, by challenging terrorist groups and striving for peace, will have a positive affect not only for it's own citizens, but people globally.
While I would greatly prefer free healthcare, I think it is important to support other countries as well.
I see and understand your point that we should take care of our own citizens.
I agree with this and also think that focusing on outside forces takes care of our citizens as well.
It seems there needs to be a balance, and I agree with you that there is a lot that needs to be taken care of in our country.
it is better for all involved if the accuser and the alleged perpetrator  are removed from the situation to better protect all involved until everything is sorted  out
While increasing the representation of women in STEM is an important task.
We should not battle the result of inequality with inequality.
We should be giving everyone a fair chance, not give special treatment because of one specific factor.
It was assumed guilt in cases of sexual assault and accusations.
Women are not to be believed simply because they are women.
Men lie, women lie, everybody is capable of lying.
You made some valid points.
I agree that everyone lies and everyone should have the right to a fair trial before labeled guilty.
Seeking to figure out the truth is important because like you said, everyone is capable of lying.
I can understand your view on wanting to remove the perpetrator immediately, and that statistics do show that false reports are rare.
However, not agreeing with the immediate removal of the perpetrator does not mean a person is okay with sexual assault.
Instead, it could mean that they believe in the right to a fair trial.
I see your point that giving a competitive edge could seem counterproductive to feminism, however, without such action, women will be at a perpetual disadvantage.
I agree with you, it is true that there is sexism and a disproportionate number of men than women in STEM.
For this reason, the hiring gap must be addressed.
I think it is true that perhaps some issues have been overblown, there is a problem with excessive force being used in minority interactions.
I think it is true that people do have different points of view and personal experiences.
Perhaps this is a good reason to start a dialogue and determine ideas to improve this problem that is dangerous for minority communities.
I agree that give women blanket priority can lead to a lot of legitimate doubts like the one here presented.
On the other side, we need to consider the real and practical challenges faced by women every day.
In the hiring process, for example, the scrutiny process is not completely objective but it is filtered by the background of the hiring manager.
We can be all agree that when people of color were freed from slavery that wasn't just enough.
They also needed, in order to exercise their rights, some regulations to enforce and practically guarantee the applications of those rights.
Sometimes guaranteeing entry opportunity for women can be the first step in order to enforce gender equality.
I partially agree with your response.
I believe that the vast majority of people reporting assaults are telling the truth, but it is still important for the accused to be allowed a fair process before being removed from campus.
If the investigation concludes that an assault did occur, then yes, the assaulted needs to be removed from campus and expelled, as well as be prosecuted to the fullest extent.
I agree with what you are saying-partly.
However, no one said that it was a woman who alleged the crime.
Additionally, the victim should be given just as much consideration in this light and having someone on campus who allegedly sexually assaulted them, there is a high likelihood that the victim would not continue their schooling to avoid interactions with this individual - whether they are male or female.
You speak of women as a general whole but I do not feel this to be a fair assessment in general.
I think consideration needs to be taken in the level of violence (if any) was committed and I think measures should be undertaken to advance both individuals safety and education while the trial is undergone.
You do make a good point, and I do see the logic in your statement.
Creating ways to increase underrepresented populations in differing fields does indeed increase the growth of those industries, but I don't believe female graduates with relevant degrees should be given priority over men.
I feel if they are equal or very similar, I feel we should try to find other ways to make the hiring decision rather than automatically give it to women just based on them being underrepresented in the workplace.
If this happens enough, then I feel men would eventually be underrepresented.
While I do understand your point of view and agree with many statements, I do not feel that it is not entirely correct.
Yes there have been many instances of suspects being shot and killed by officers but the entire truth is never released to the public.
The news only reports the sad story of the person shot and killed, they do not report the circumstances of the incident.
Often the public has its mind made up before all the facts of the case come out and then the damage is done I agree that this is an issue between minorities but you can not label all non minority officers as racists.
You need to look at each person and circumstance individually.
Yes, I agree that one innocent person killed is too many but again look at the entire incident.
Why was the person involved, why would they not listen to commands, why are they possibly disobeying the law?
We need to take each incident as it comes and not lump everything into a general observation and label it as racism,
I agree that action should be taken against the alleged perpetrator, and temporary removal from the campus is necessary.
It shows that the school takes these allegations seriously, as well as protect the victim and other individuals on campus.
I also agree that believing victims immediately is important, as more times than not these assaults go unreported.
Investigations should be made thoroughly and without bias, while also not violating the rights of the individuals involved.
i commiserate with you and fully agree!
however these things happen all the time so its best to view it as a third person rather then taking it on the chin.
i would say if you see these thing happen in front of you then be proactive and report the matters!
that is the way i reconcile things such as this.
the justice system isn't always in favor of our views but together we can help stop these kinds of things.
lets get a pizza....
It is certainly a complicated subject with no easy answers.
I agree that having something diverse hiring panels in theory would be better than gender quotas.
I'm afraid though that some of the same issues would still be present.
There would still be the stigma that women were only hired because of political reasons whether it is a quota or a hiring panel with women on it.
The difference would be that the panel still has no guarantee of not being biased against women, possibly resulting in fewer women being hired.
The panel, likely chosen by men in power, could in fact be a stacked deck against women while appearing unbiased.
I can certainly empathize with you about wanting to have a fair shot at getting a job, while also wanting the respect from peers for being seen as earning that position.
I just don't think it's entirely possible at the present time to necessarily have all of those.
I think the earned respect will come in time, but I think we might agree that just getting qualified women hired is the more important accomplishment.
We are trying to overcome centuries of bias and discrimination and that will never be quick, nor easy to do.
We both want that perfect world, and we are making progress as a society, but we might need to compromise a little until that happens.
I very much agree with this statement, the government invests a lot of resources in weapons, being able to use that budget to give free education to poor Americans, as well as free primary health care.
the trillions that companies spend on military equipment, which I can use to create free hospitals and schools, and so the employment rate for our nation grows.
I think having a diverse hiring panel would be helpful and a good idea.
However, I also think there are some problems with first getting women onto the hiring panels or to positions where they're able to make these sorts of decisions.
Thus, I do think that some sort of combination of affirmative action and a diverse hiring panel would be the best approach.
While preventing the spread of ISIS and similar organizations is relatively important, there are more important issues that the United States should invest.
These include issues such as the Coronavirus pandemic, global warming, racial inequality, and equality in education and opportunity around the world.
And you also state that "as long as the United States is a top military power, it is unlikely for another World war to happen anytime soon".
I understand why you may think that, but as we have seen with the Cold War, as well as the threat of World War III in the beginning of 2020 and the omnipresent threat of a North Korean bomb, this is not necessarily true.
I agree with you that social media has really changed our society  It's true that these incidents are being replayed over and over, but I do think that bringing such widespread acknowledgement to a problem can be a first step in starting a dialogue in what needs improvement.
You make a valid point that the data needs to be truly analyzed before a conclusion can be made.
I agree that often, women are just as equally qualified if not more so than men.
However, simply hiring women for the sake of increasing diversity efforts is not productive.
It is possible when doing such a thing that a woman who is hired may not be qualified for the job.
She might have only gotten the job because of the push to have more women hired.
I do also agree that all people should have the right to dignity.
It is a sad world where people are treated differently.
I believe that so much has to do with the areas or environment that the person lives in.
There seem to be many more non minority officers working in minority areas so when things happen it makes it look like there is racism involved rather than policing.
I see your point about media taking minor incidents and dramatize it on national tv.
I agree that isolated incidents can be exploited but only to a certain degree, but when it is constantly happening then i say exploit it.
I agree that ISIS need to be destroyed to prevent further harm in the middle east, the United States should focus on domestic issues instead.
Government spending on military operations exceed much of the domestic budget that benefit its citizens directly.
We should put our own needs before fighting international terrorism.
I definitely agree that the media makes these incidents look like they are common and happening all the time.
People are rightfully upset when these situations occur, but often times don't realize that there are bad employees in every single profession.
I believe that we need to be more aware that there are two sides to every story and that police are willing to put their lives in danger and deserve public support.
I agree based on evidence that law enforcement is more strict when it comes to people of color, but I have to say that white people are also given the same treatment.
It is because the color are well built and pose a challenge to cops.
People of color are more intimidating compared to average citizens.
I can definitely see your point about removing the accused for the safety of both parties.
I still am hesitant to agree, because to me removing them without further evidence of their crime seems like an assumption of guilt before that guilt has been established in court.
However, if a policy like this were to be implemented, I don't think it would be the worst idea.
I agree with your statement about sexual assault allegations.
Everyone is able to commit a crime, and most of the time - people forget that women are able to wrongfully accuse someone.
Although, we should not ignore the assumption itself and should give a fair trial before someone has their life ruined.
It is of my own view that the United States should rather invest heavily in modern amenities, upgrading our health care system and the walfare of its citizens.
I agree that the representation of women in these fields is imperative.
I also agree that cultural norms and systemic barriers hinder women from being successful in these fields.
Offering jobs to qualified women in the STEM fields is a great idea, however, I don't know if giving them the jobs over qualified men just because they are women solves the issue.
I agree that we should create a way to increase underrepresented populations into these fields, but maybe we can come up with a compromise that would not create another stigma against women.
I see your point about protecting the alleged victim and their well-being, it's incredibly important and should absolutely be taken into consideration.
While I agree with your point that false sexual assault reports rarely occur, I do think that we have to acknowledge the possibility that it can absolutely happen.
In that sort of case, I personally think it would be unfair to take away the alleged accusers access to education.
However, I do agree that something should be done.
Steps should be taken to separate the two into different class sessions/schedules until a fair trial is complete.
This way, the college won't be seen as taking sides before due process, but they will be seen as taking steps to ensure safety.
To your point, I think that after a sexual assault report is filed, the campus should additionally take more steps to improve safety and resources.
Lynchings and killings of minorities have happened throughout american history.
I agree that diversifying STEM hiring panels would be a better approach at increasing the number of women, and with that, the diversification cannot be achieve if no women are being hired from the onset.
Deidentifying applications would help.
I believe that for each open position, there should be just as many men as women who are finalists for the job.
I quite agree that there are ways to better put money into good use, but I think fighting terrorism is a good course too.
I understand that being able to see these issues in full video are extremely concerning.
It is worth observing that they only show you a small part of the full picture and not everything that you might want to see to judge a situation.
Yes, bad things are happening today and happened more often in the past.
A good way to address these things is to find out why they're happening and to address them one at the time.
Outcry makes people less likely to move from the stance they've taken and more likely to point the finger.
We would tend to ignore the same sorts of offenses if they were committed against those in the majority, for instance and we are pretty sure they aren't being unfairly discriminated against.
I certainly understand where you are coming from.
There need to be precautions put in place so the alleged victim feels safer.
Complete removal from campus, however, can put undue burden on someone who has not been given due process.
Classes aside, which is huge, immediate removal from campus can mean the alleged perpetrator is out of a place to live as well.
Instead of completely removing that person from campus, I think something similar to a restraining order makes more sense.
That means the alleged victim should not be running into the alleged perpetrator in class or at the library, etc., but the alleged perpetrator is not kicked to the curb without due process.
I understand what you are saying.
Any person who doesn't follow instructions from law enforcement officers or tries to run from them are going to have a negative experience.
Sometimes it has to do more with the individual person more than the ethnicity of the person.
I agree that we must follow the judicial system and you are right that the accused must be considered innocent until proven guilty.
You make a good point that the victim could be provided with extra physical or restraining order protection.
I also agree that previous convictions are important indicators for future behavior.
I think that another option would be to have a system in place to where the accused can continue school work off-campus until the matter is resolved.
In that way, the accuser may feel safer while not hampering the education of the accused while the matter is resolved judicially.
Someone that has been convicted of sexual assault and proven to be dangerous should definitely be off the streets.
I understand the mental horrors the victim may face knowing a predator may still be out there, but I believe the accused could also face these horrors if due process shows the allegation is false.
I agree the wheels of justice move slowly sometimes, and I think as a society we should demand change for this from our elected officials.
I agree, however situations such as this are not black and white, they are grey.
I think removing the accused depends, on the situation and the threat the person poses to the victim.
This is why we have certain laws in place, and even though at times they may not be fair, they are there to serve the greater population.
There will always be individual situations which do not fit is the same box.
I would agree that a thorough investigation needs to be completed before determining what to do regarding the officer.
I think all facts and background surrounding an allegation need to be looked at before a judgement is made.
The police need to be held accountable somewhat more than the media.
It is true that ISIS engages in and promotes violence, and this is horrible.
However, the US has already invested a tremendous amount of resources into this endeavor, and this level of commitment cannot be sustained.
I agree that ISIS should not be allowed to spread further, but the best solution is to mobilize the global community.
I hear you.
It's great to see so many qualified people working in the healthcare field and men and women should be recognized for their contributions.
Although empowering women in STEM fields is important and needed, it benefits us all if those who are qualified and dedicated to their work, whether male, female or binary, are supported, empowered, and recognized.
I agree that in many cases the media has overblown some of the events between officers and minorities, however we should really consider the outsize effects of each of these events.
While rioting and destruction have occurred and they do not lead to positive outcomes, many people are highly frustrated with the actions of officers towards minorities and they have little recourse through the criminal justice system.
I agree that immediate termination or arrest of offending officers is premature, however following a full investigation I feel that officers should be held accountable.
I think that the reaction is perfectly normal and it seems to be a growing issue.
One of the many point people say is that the media hypes everything when in actually all the media does is expose it.
Yes some have their own agenda but they post what they think the public wants to know
I agree that the United States has been instrumental in helping other countries in the past, and can continue to put military power to use for good.
However, we now spend XX amount on the military at the expense of social services that could better our country.
Spending more in other areas besides defense will keep us strong so that we can keep power and continue to help other countries.
Sexual assaults leave terrible scars on their victims.
When they occur on college campuses, and the alleged abuser remains on campus, the victim may not feel safe and may not be able to focus on his or her education.
However rare, false sexual assault claims do happen, and it is unjust to remove an alleged abuser without any proof of wrongdoing.
It is certainly a difficult problem with no easy solutions.
Some way needs to be found to protect the victim and keep him or her safe while simultaneously protecting the rights of the alleged abuser.
While is see your point of view, given the recent incident between the police and black people it is hard to agree that this discrimination is not happening.
I totally agree the statement of this person text.
Fighting terrorist group is a waste of money and lost of human life.
Where their is a major problems as mention above on the text, that we could better deal and fixed it first.
I believe that the United States should invest more resources in fighting against ISIS and similiar organizations and problems.
It doesn't mean that it should be just by ourselves but cooperate with other nations and organizations.
But we should be a big part of it, because with great power comes great responsabilities.
For the last, i agree that US could shift the investment to more troubling areas such as wealthcare,economy,unemployment,..
Unfortunately, we see injustice in many situations, in every part of the world.
Sometimes these situations are blown out of proportion, in some people's eyes.
Again, it is important to take note of the different sides of each story in order to fully understand and figure out a ways to correct this in the future.
Police brutality should not be tolerated, however we do need to respect each point of view.
I understand it would feel like you are being given preferential treatment, but it would help to even the playing field.
I agree that having a diverse hiring panel would be helpful, but some of the women might also have the bias.
I think having a diverse panel with giving women a boosted chance to be hired would help give women a better chance of being hired in the work place.
Having a fair shot at the same position as a man does is very important, and with people's implicit bias, this might be the best chance that a fair hiring decision would happen.
I understand where you're  coming from.
I believe that some cases are very serious and should be treated as such.
At the same time there are less police officers that abuse their power than police officers that do.
yes sexual assault is a crime.
but in a campus it is not good for a student stay safe .
more over i wont intend to punish the suspects fully i let he/she to learn the mistake of theirs and change.
its wise that giving a chance to a crime committed suspects that what the law says