I agree that the vast majority of police officers are just doing their job and are decent human beings.
However, I believe the problem still exists and we must do what we can in order to eliminate ANY unfair treatment of minorities when it comes to confrontations with the police.
Even a few deaths of innocent people here and there are way too many.
I believe otherwise.
I don't think it's just about finding evidence immediately, i believe student should be remove from campus while the investigation is going for there own security, as student who feels bad about the situation may try to hurt the alleged perpetrator out of annoyance.
The survey is very improve in to the public privacy to this survey.
You make a good argument here about equality in the hiring process.
Perhaps the goal should be, as you suggest, requiring a gender balance on the hiring committee, so that candidates receive a more equitable interview.
However, I do believe women have a great deal to contribute in STEM, and we do need to find ways to overcome prejudice towards women in hiring practices.
I agree that everybody no matter their gender should be given due process in the midst of very serious allegations.
I do believe however, that most serious allegations would not be thrown out so lightly or to lie in order to take advantage of someone.
Therefore, I do believe there should be at least some sort of security measure implemented in order to ensure that both parties are protected from one another during this due process.
Yes people lie but there are also people that tell the truth and are terrified at the prospect of the perpetrator still being able to keep in contact with them when they have not been convicted of the crime yet.
I agree with the topic because fight ISIS and similiar organizations are actually benefit the our own citizens.
Without ensuring the safety of all citizens, we can never feel full security to develop our own country.
For example, the 911 incident had not only taken away so many US citizens' lives, but also destoryed our economy for years.
Gender inequality is ingrained in our society for many centuries.
It is so much a part of our culture that people who espouse these biases don't even realize they are doing so.
Such fundamental biases cannot be corrected simply by relying on the merit system.
The playing field is askew.
We need to level it.
While woman need to earn any achievement, no differently than men, their gender should be a factor in providing easier access.
I agree with the above statement because the news will take one story and run with it.
People will take a single incident and use it to make all police seem bad.
Social media is a huge culprit, especially since almost all kids have cell phones and they often record incidents and post on social media
The accused has a legal right to due process in this country.
They may have been falsely accused.
Let it go through the proper legal channels.
I fully agree with the fact that allegations of any kind of sexual nature must be taken very seriously.
I have seen false allegations ruin careers, reputations and futures, however.
The accused person could be absolutely innocent, and be the victim of a disagreement that has gone wrong, a personal vendetta, or the victim of a monetary exploit.
I agree that the person should be watched, but they, as well as their rights, should also be protected.
I believe that we should listen to both sides of the accused and accuser and make a decision to remove individuals based on the severity of the allegations, prior history or prior convictions.
I believe we should keep both parties safe and away from each other while an investigation is being performed.
This ensures no further altercations or communication will happen while officials do their job.
The victim of a sexual assault should not have to interrupt their own lives to protect their assaulter.
Institutions have codes of conduct and such for a reason.
Removing someone from the institution does not actually imply guilt or innocence, and I'm not sure what rights would be broken by this action.
I agree that waiting for proof is fair since we do not simply want to expel people without reason.
However, this person seems to be protecting the perpetrator and not the victim.
The perpetrator should be worried about saying the wrong thing or acting the wrong way.
Someone who is truly not guilty would not be acting in a problematic way.
More likely, this happens when evidence is uncovered.
So, why would the perpetrator need to be the one who is protected and given the freedom to act free and not the victim?
Removing them from the environment would protect his or her rights to feel comfortable on campus.
I agree with the statement referring to riots.
What good comes out of destroying property of people that didn't do anything?
However, calling for termination before a complete investigation of a police officer's misconduct is not an overreaction.
You can't just let incorrect actions slip by or it's happen again, and what kind of example is that setting for other officers?
If they didn't do anything wrong, they can always be reinstated.
The belief that someone should be exiled from society for an accusation runs counter to principles of American law.
Innocent until proven guilty is the standard, and there shouldn't be any punishment until someone is proven guilty.
If there is sufficient evidence of danger, I would support the alleged perpetrator being held until their trial.
I beg to differ.
I'm an addict of watching body cam videos of police departments and I don't think you could quantify any difference in the way police treat people suspected of a crime, regardless of the race of those suspects.
I do agree that many minoritiesfeel that most police have a prejudice against them due to their minority status and it wouldn't hurt community relations between police and minority groups for police to make a bigger effort to have more solidarity with the community they serve.
Back regarding the main point of the argument at hand, I must reiterate it would be very hard for someone to prove after seeing enough police video that police treat minorities any worse than majorities.
While it's true that there has been instances where police has mistreated minority groups, it's also true that most of those minorities are also the ones committing a great portion of crimes.
Criminal acts should be punished and not praised, no matter who commits them be police or minorities but before only focusing on changing the way police acts against minorities those minorities should try to get together not to revolt against police but to stop the crime n violence that is so persistent between them.
Bottom line, after reporting an incidence of sexual violence, a victim needs to be taken seriously and feel safe on campus.
How best to achieve this?
Removing the alleged perpetrator immediately after the report of the incident, contradicts our rights as citizens -- innocent until proven guilty.
Are there other ways to ensure the victim's and other students' safety during the police investigation and subsequent arrest?
I personally feel that the United States shouldn't invest in more resources fighting the spread against ISIS because, there are multiple things that the US should develop in before we use out precious time trying to stop ISIS.
Perhaps there are cultural and racial components to the perception of police interactions with minority suspects.
However, I don't see how the past oppression of minorities translates to what is happening at present.
Also, social media is not unbiased in its presentation of audio-visual records of such interactions.
I am in complete agreement with your statements concerning confrontations between police and minority suspects.
The written statement, however, is referring to public reaction of these situations.
That would, in turn, refer to the reporting by the media of such incidents and how it influences the general public.
Depending on which ones and where the public is surveyed about such topics, the answers are bound to be different.
I would stand behind campus security escorting the alleged perpetrator everywhere on campus to ensure that they are not being disgusting criminals until the investigation is complete, and if found guilty he should be removed from campus.
The alleged victim should be able to make any adjustments to their schedule and/or the alleged perpetrator should have to adjust their schedule to ensure that they never cross paths.
I would also stand behind the alleged perpetrator being removed from campus but able to complete their work via online etc until the investigation is complete and if found guilty then expelled and hopefully jailed for a very, very long time.
I believe that while ISIS and other terrorist organizations can be extremely dangerous, and yes, at times present a threat to the safety of our country, I don't believe the US should invest additional resources into combating this dangerous organization.
I say this because I don't think the US effectively or efficiently uses the funds that they have allocated to fighting ISIS.
I think we should work towards a more diplomatic approach, rather than a violent approach, to overcoming these terrorist organizations.
I believe educational institutions should have (or already have) a set of criteria established to determine if the accusations are severe enough to warrant removal from campus.
"Saying the wrong thing or acting the wrong way" is a vague statement and in terms of sexual assault, the victim should be believed first.
Perhaps it can sound a bit harsh and I understand how some people might be wrongly accused, but it could serve as a huge protection for both parties to have the person removed.
I understand your point, however, I think it is extremely unfair for somebody to get priority just because of their sex.
I wish pepole would be able to get hired based upon their abilities and their fit for the position.
Things such as sex, race, and age shouldn't even be considered when hiring somebody for a position.
I understand your viewpoint and you have brought forth some worthwhile reasons for questioning police confrontations.
But that is no reason to overlook even one instance in which a person of color's intrinsic rights are ignored.
When one of us is treated unfairly by the police or any authoritative group, all of us are in jeopardy.
I think the United States should lead the fight against ISIS because we are the most advanced military in the world.
even if we don't have soldiers on the front lines, we can provide funding and logistical support that many other countries just simply can't.
While I agree that we should focus on domestic issues like our economy or unemployment, the military spending is always going to increase and it is better to have it be used than wasted on the Pentagon buying $50 hammers just to use up its allocated funds.
Women have experienced inequality and discrimination since the dawn of time, and even now, women are nowhere near gender equality.
To say discrimination against men would occur is impossible because women have been the disadvantaged gender for so long.
The STEM workplace is majority men and the only way to fix this disparity is to hire more women.
The United States spends more annually on its military than Russia, China, and other countries combined.
The production of military equipment could be used as a deterrent- that is, as a sign of force against potential adversaries.
Unfortunately, during the four decades since our defeat in Vietnam, our military has suffered one humiliating defeat after another.
Our technology is obsolete in a world that is defined not by conventional warfare but by terrorist cells, guerilla warfare, and the like.
The assertion that the media blows the proportion of recent confrontations between the police and minority suspects is premature because it lacks specificity and communal understanding.
For example, the writer’s assumption that these “isolated incidents” are exploited does not address the reality that these incidences are naturally occurring to segments of the minority community.
When these “isolated incidents” are mentioned on a nearly weekly basis, they no longer are minute events, but rather an indication of a systemic problem that needs to be addressed in its totality.
The United States should honestly keep their nose out of all of these overseas issues, since the US tends to cause more damage than help anything.
Just look at all of the havoc that this country wrought in Latin America.
We caused so many genocides for our own selfish reasons.
The government lie about the threat of terrorist groups so that the citizens are more likely to give the government free reign into causing chaos overseas, usually for economic interests.
The truth is the domestic terrorism (KKK, Aryan brotherhood, etc.)
have accounted for more than 90% of all terrorism over the past decades, but yet the government doesn't do anything about them.
Wonder why?
It's clearly because it's easier to get citizens riled up over brown people than to get angry at the idiotic things white people are doing right here at home.
I agree with this statement.
Nothing should be done until there is an investigation.
Often times, male students are accused of things by women.
While the US has always claimed to value democracy and has historically gotten involved in conflicts like this around the world, it is hard to argue that everyday US citizens could be at risk from ISIS.
At the end of the day, it comes down to the US spending money on a war it is not involved in.
At a time when economic inequality is at an all time high, these resources should be going towards the survival of poor and working class Americans, not an overseas war that has nothing to do with us.
Furthermore, many young underprivileged Americans are forced to sign up for the army in order to pay for college or otherwise get ahead in life, and for many of them, this could be a needless death sentence.
The Trump administration has amply demonstrated that its words cannot be taken at face value, and that its policy views, in many cases, are born of ignorance or calculated to inflame
Thank you for your thoughts.
What intrigues me most about your perspective is that to me it does not address the overblown aspect of the issue we are discussing.
I agree with you now that due to changes in technology and information sharing that instances of state/police force and violence against minority populations is being captured and exposed at a higher rates than previously possible.
However, where I have a different opinion is that these changes are leading to these cases being overblown by the media.
Rather, I would counter that these changes are now shedding a light on a problem that most Americans have previously been ignorant to, or easily been able to turn a blind eye to, and consequently these changes are causing some of us to reckon with this historic use of state violence against minorities in a way that we never previously.
Or to put it another way, we are finally beginning to give this problem the attention that it needs, rather than "overblowing" the issue.
It is true that, at times, police officers have made reckless decisions in the face of a violent interaction with citizens.
Hopefully training and personal cameras can help alleviate this problem.
Any time an officer harms a citizen it is a grave situation.
Sexual misconduct is any misconduct of a sexual nature that is of lesser offense than felony sexual assault.particularly where the situation is normally non-sexual and therefore unusual for sexual behavior.
I believe that that is false, the healthcare field and any other occupations have the right to qualified workers who work hard for a role and their gender, race sexuality or anything of that field should not matter.
The real issues here have more to do with the police being threatened by an overblown public reaction.
When the police are dealing with fast-paced situations that can quickly turn volatile, they need to be able to do their jobs without worrying about ensuing public backlash.
Yes, it is important to keep any of our authority figures in check when needed, but it is also important to recognize that police are dealing with violent criminals a lot of the time, and this can understandably affect the decisions made on the job.
I agree that there are some bad cops out there.
However, this does not mean that all cops are bad  - just as all minorities should not be thought of as bad.
My assertion is that when a police officer stops a car, whether it is justified or not - obey the officer.
If he tells you to put your hands up, do it.
There is always time to bring the truth up in court if there is a miscarriage of justice.
Officers have a difficult job, and they never know who has a gun.
It is a scary position to be in.
Just do what they tell you and ask questions later...and LIVE.
I think the speed at which information can reach audiences can sometimes lead to sensationalist and inaccurate information.
Media just wants money and clicks.
They do not really care about the truth.
Some individuals do, but companies want money and views and clicks.
To immediately remove someone who has been accused of a crime is against their rights.
you cannot place judgement until proof is given, an accusation is not enough and is unfair to all involved .it would be better for the accuser to remove themselves until it is proven to be true.
The United States has already provided many resources to aid other countries in their fight against ISIS and other terrorist organizations.
Increasing that amount is unjustified, particularly when those resources are often misused or go unaccounted for due to a lack of oversight and accountability.
Stepping in to the affairs of other countries is not the best course of action for the United States, especially when there are cultural, religious, and political nuances that are difficult to navigate.
Just one innocent person killed is too much.
However, many of the videos out there only show one side of the story.
I believe that we should withhold judgment of a situation until we have been able to hear both sides.
When a sexual assault accusation is made on a college campus, the alleged perpetrator should be immediately removed from campus to protext the victim's well-being.
Police officers have been killed as well.
Their lives are just as important as anyone else's.
Their families are affected by the risks these officers face every day.
Many of the people the police come in contact with are armed as well.
I disagree with this statement for a few reasons.
First, often times, the minority suspect is committing a crime and had they not been doing this, there would be no police confrontation.
Secondly, when confronted by the police , the minority suspects do not listen to the policeman.
They either pull a gun or other weapon out, or they do not stop running/ being aggressive when asked to do so by the policeman.I think if the suspects would obey the law and listen to the policeman, that many of these situations could be avoided.
I disagree.
You've glossed over the problems here.
You should not downplay the severity of these attacks on minority men.
Its wrong.
And those few police officers unfortunately represent everyone.
The issues need to be resolved and the only way to do it is by shining a glaring light on them
I agree that we should be more focused on internal conflicts before dealing with external conflicts.
Security is still important, but not as important when there are millions of people in deep poverty.
We are spending too much on neverending wars, while our citizens suffer as a result.
We should absolutely be diverting resources from these wars and using them to solve our own country's problems.
I disagree with this statement, in part.
I agree with your statement that not all law enforcement is bad and most are here to serve and protect; however, I will fully stand behind my statement that it is the shooting are overblown, especially by the media.
I do agree with many of the things you said but I still think that it is overblown.
Reporting about the loss of a life is never overdone I agree, but we are talking to the public reaction to it, what people like you or I think about it.
I think that although it is an issue to be addressed, I don't believe it is as much of an issue as some say.
This is no different than affirmative action.
If we wait until women are treated the same as men it will just delay how long it takes for women to advance in the STEM field.
What would have happened to other minorities if affirmative action had never been implemented?
Again, we do not actually disagree on the core of this issue.
It should be brought to the public and made known.
It needs to be taken seriously.
But there have been certain cases that have been exploited in the public by certain groups that have been proven to be false, such as the killing of Michael Brown.
When it comes to someone like Philando Castile, yes, hold up his death as an example of injustice and fight it.
It hurts your own case, however, when people (not necessarily you) continue to harp on the death of Michael Brown and demonize all police officers in the process.
The above respondent is prejudging the case and punishing the accused prior to due process, despite the claim that he or she respects it.
There is no provision in our laws that justifies the punishment before trial of the accused.
If the school is concerned about the welfare of the alleged victim, there are numerous ways in which it can ensure his or her safety and psychological support.
Violating our due process standards is not justified in this case.
I think the persons response is fair and sensical.
However, the point the statement that was commented on is that women have not been fairly represented in the past.
A "blind" and objective hiring process would be a fine thing, though that would mean names and other identifying things would need to be shielded.
I am also not sure how references could be checked, or how the applicants could be discussed with their references and maintain the "blind" aspect of the process.
yes that is right certain things need to be discussed in detail to the public in order to make them aware n avoid such thins in future.
it is good that we have cell phone videos and face book to bring it alive.
It is good that there are well wishers in the society.
I agree with you about social media playing a huge role.
You are right, years ago it did not exist.
Now, we can easily take out our cellphones and record every moment.
I think the police do have to be more on their toes.
I think social media can exaggerate things but I do think racism among police is an actual real issue we are facing today.
Advancement and positioning in any field should be determined by competency and effort.
Physical attributes shouldn't be a factor or focus.
Prioritizing placement based on non-relevant factors over aptitude is detrimental to the field itself and everyone involved.
Hi there, I can absolutely understand your frustration with the way the "echo chamber" of social media seems to show these incidents over and over again without really seeming to further the dialogue about what needs to be done to prevent them.
I think the goal of people sharing these things is to show us that these are not isolated incidents, and that minorities are being subjected to excessive force, even to the point of death, by police, when many white people would never even think of having such a thing happen to them.
I think we can all understand how emotional and scary it must be for minority people to be afraid of the police rather than trusting them to help, always afraid of what might happen if police are called.
That's why it is all of our responsibilities to listen to what the experts say on this, which is that something needs to change in the police system.
Let's all come together to support better training of police in working with minorities and their communities, deescalating situations without using force, and handling treating these incidents as severe problems when they do happen.
Social media is the best platform to share the incidents.
Without it being shared on social media many of these incidents would go unnoticed and ignored.
While Social media may not be advancing the discussion it at least provides the exposure needed.
Data, facts, evidence, and statistics can all be hand picked to prove anybody's point.
Only problems with be shown on body cameras, rarely the good thing.
I do believe there is a problem and it needs to be resolved, but it is most defiantly overblown.
I agree that there is much more awareness regarding these events due to the recent advent of social media.
I also agree that these issues were present in the past, but lacked the social media presence to be reported.
However, the increased presence of social media allows for accountability to occur.
Since their actions can be recorded and posted online, it can show others how the police officers are behaving.
This is an incredibly false presumption.
The fact is people do not make file assault charges because they have a grudge.
We live in a society where like it or not the victim will be dragged through the mud after reporting an assault.
No sane person would put themselves through that by making a false accusation out of spite.
The reason this false narrative of fake sexual assault reports has become so popular is due in part to women withdrawing complaints due to the harassment they receive!
Not because they were lying.
Also because men have been found innocent when in fact they were guilty.
Sexual assault is not an easy thing to prove.
Yes, if someone is accused of assault they should be removed from campus at once.
After an investigation (not a full trial)  if they are found to be not guilty they can come back.
If you accused someone of physical assault or theft or any other number of things they would be removed without a second thought.
This should no different.
I agree that there is too much military spending and not enough for people.
There has to be a point where they say ok this is enough maybe we don't need more weapons.
Though as other countries continue to build arsenals the US should do the same.
All people are capable of lies, but I wouldn't assume only women are making these kinds of accusations.
Although it is a rarer occurrence, men also falsely accuse women of assaults.
The most important take away is educating a student body so that all students are informed about how their actions may affect others.
You're innocent until proven guilty, but you should remain responsible and in control of yourself above all.
Have you ever resided in a major urban center with many minority residents?
Or been a victim of police abuse and/or misconduct yourself?
If not, then I surmise you would not know what you are talking about.
Police misconduct is rampant and an every day occurrence, primarily in urban areas but also rural areas as well.
Numerous investigations have proven so, and police corruption has been well documented for ages.
Just because it doesn’t directly affect you does not mean it is not an everyday issue for many.
I actually understand your point of view.
I must admit I didn't really see it from that angle.
Women's reputation precedes them and truly, they shouldn't be hired just to prove a point.
Although I agree with the author's point that the mental and physical safety of the victim is an important thing, removing the accused individual has drastic effects on his or her ability to complete his or her studies.
This would be unfair if the student was not found to be guilty of the crime for which he or she is accused.
In our society, people are presumed innocent until proven guilty.
The removal of the student from campus, although not expulsion, would be counter to this tenet, as the person would be suffering a consequence for being solely accused of the crime.
Instead, safeguards should be in place to minimize the potential for contact or "running into on campus" (e.g., making sure that the students take different paths to classes).
And, of course, if the student is found to be guilty of the sexual assault, that should result in immediate expulsion and whatever criminal proceedings that would follow.
I think this is as well a fair assessment that was made.
A grudge and Vengeance can cause somebody to make false accusation and try to ruin somebody's life.
Having said that, I do think that some sort of immediate action should be taken such as a inquisition of some sort to try to take some sort of protection towards the Accuser
Everyone's entitled to fair treatment though our judicial system.
Just because someone's accused, doesn't mean they're guilty.
There're are false accusers.
Until the accusation can be settled in a fair and legal way, the accused shouldn't be immediately removed from campus.
Basically, it should be moved to local law enforcement for processing.
Not, adjudicated at the college.
I agree, trying to make up for historical mistakes has always been a bad idea.
Jobs should be given strictly on merit and skill.
The hiring process will hopefully not be determined by the sex of the individual in the future.
The harshness and severity of the alleged crime makes it difficult to assess these cases on a broad general view.
I believe the victims safety and well being are paramount, However i also believe a person is innocent until proven guilty.
I think removing the perpetrator from campus does little to prevent the act from happening again, and may jeaporadize future opportunities especially if they arent guilty
I agree with you that individuals should not be granted employment based primarily on their gender.
I do believe, however, that women's qualifications should weighed as much as men's, and hiring practices should be established that support employment of the most qualified individual in every aspect, apart from gender.
I also agree with you that giving priority to a women may lead to not hiring of a more qualified candidate; however, the same applies with giving priority to a man.
Well, that is very right, I also believe that no gender should be given priority over the other, doing so will definitely be an injustice to either of the gender that is been less prioritized.
Everyone of us should walk our way up the ladder of recognition in our respective fields.
Also, increasing the representation of underrepresented gender will eventually result to leaving people who are fully qualified and that merits the recognition for those who, though might be qualified but do not merit the recognition.
I believe this is a deservice to the society and to humanity.
I absolutely agree with the response of this participant.
While I believe that female representation in science is important, women certainly have the capability to stand on their own merit.
I agree with the respondent's point about not needing affirmative-action type policies in the science field.
I believe that our scientists and the people working to advance our civilization should be based purely on their knowledge and talents, not on their gender or other demographic factors.
What it points out is that there is some bad apples.
That doesn't mean you can pull the race card every time something happens to someone of color.
You are not even stating facts.
You are only making a biased opinion.
I don't believe women should be given priority in hiring decisions over men.
I think the person most qualified for the job should be chosen regardless of gender.
Of course, I think women should be given every opportunity in all areas of employment, but I also think we should be able to prove ourselves with our work without receiving special privileges.
I agree with you.
The same can be said in my field.
I'm an urban planner and I can tell you authoritatively that the percentage women in my field during my undergraduate year is about 10%.
Apparently this statistics drop during professional practice to about 2%.
This might be reason not unrelated to the fact that practicing companies consider this job technical and stressful and women might not be up to the task, hence they sideline the cv submitted by women when there are available space for hiring.
But in the long run nobody wants to high someone who is not physical fit for a job.
They are liability.
I don't think it's overblown it's facts , and this is the reason we couldn't know all about this way back before everyone had phones with camera's .
Now that we have actual footage of this happening we can call them out on it .
How is even one use of excessive force justifiable?
We are just able to see and hear more than we did before about the bad confrontations.
Sure, that doesn't mean that all police are bad or all criminals are innocent.
But it certainly doesn't mean that officers and administrators cannot learn from the increased public reaction.
The idea is to get the bad police officers off the street and to train and teach those other officers the right and wrong way to do things.
There is no reason to keep it behind closed doors like it has been for too long.
It is time to accept some responsibility and accountability.
Yes, ALL people are capable of lying.
However, imagine the woman in question was YOUR daughter.
Wouldn't you fear fro her safety?
Would you want the accused removed from campus for at least a couple days for an investigation?
I know I would.
I agree with you.
But, you have to understand the victim will not be able to set aside their fear of this person.
Everytime he/she runs into them, they will experience feelings that will cause them more harm.
I agree that kicking the accused off campus without evidence or before going to court is not right and it is does not follow our, "innocent until proven guilty."
Somehow there has to be an agreement between the parties that would put some space and separation until the alleged crime took it's course in the justice system.
I agree with this!
Thank you for changing my mind (slightly).
I would not want anyone to be judged as a guilty unless they absolutely were, I also would not want said victim to feel unheard either by not removing said individual.
But I do believe all should be treated equally and fairly until said investigation is over.
The police brutality have done by the people arrogant and not handled properly
Public reactions can be overblown, for instance the Ferguson, Missouri incident.
An officer was simply trying to protect his own life after the victim, a grown man didn't obey his orders and came after the officer.
Conclusions were rushed to before all the facts were presented.
I am not entirely opposed to the idea of increasing gender representation in less balanced fields but I do not believe that any group or minority should be given immediate priority over another.
If two candidates are entirely equal then favoring the one who belongs to an underrepresented group seems acceptable.
However, to give preference based on anything other than merit is unfair and does not help the problem in the long run.
I think there is some value to removing the alleged perpetrator temporarily for investigative purposes.
But i also feel that the accuser should equally be removed because they are also a part of the investigation and should be removed from the situation as well.
Both parties should not be allowed back on campus so there is a minimal disruption of classes and only those who are affected are truly affected.
Police officers need more training and also more access to psychiatric resources for mental health.
If you think about it, police officers are exposed to some many negative and horrible things on a daily basis.
I think over time this affects their world view and how they see certain people.
If one were to actually look into the reasons why one was being arrested, a lot of the time is unnecessary or the person could even be mentally ill.
Regardless of that, a police office needs to be held to a higher standard than the rest of the public, not a lower one.
There is no reason to use force of that magnitude on someone.
You are a cop, they are not.
You need to be better, to hold yourself higher.
Coupled with the fact that the rates are SO much higher for people of color, this is unacceptable and not overblown.
Only some instances even make it to the news, every day these things happen without anyone reporting on it.
I don't think automatically believing the "victim" is consistent with American law.
There has to be an investigation allowing the accused a chance to defend themselves.
Even if it is true that most victims are telling the truth, it is also true that all victims are not telling the truth.
I agree with you, the things that ISIS does are awful and unimaginable.
We do need to continue to fight ISIS, but I do not think we need to spend more money doing it.
There are so many problems in our own country that I think should be put before this issue.
I partially agree.
I think the United States pours far too much money into military, while systematically underfunding social services.
I agree that much of the money the United States spends on military should be invested in education, healthcare, housing, and diplomacy.
However, I think the United States should be working closely with countries fighting ISIS.
I don't think the United States alone can solve this problem, but we shouldn't ignore the United States' long history of destabilizing the Middle East and how that contributed to the rise of ISIS.
Ultimately, human rights are at stake, and the United States should definitely invest some resources in ensuring that other countries' plans to fight ISIS are effective and don't violate human rights.
recent fatal interaction between police and citizens have shown a proclivity to self protection rather then preservation of all human life.
The reason why the US should not invest more heavily into the military is because we do not need to be the world police.
Not only that, but he have a plentiful number of allies who can also help keep the world in order and prevent the spread of terrorist organizations.
So rather than investing more into the military, let our allies do some of the work so that the economic burden does not have to fall completely on the United States.
I agree with this statement, but the one issue I have is that by preparing ourselves against ISIS, the USA goes on attack, which further worsens the problem.
ISIS itself is a major problem, but the USA tends to stoke the flames by attacking and invading under the guise of making the problem go away.
Unfortunately, it has become a vicious cycle.
I understand what you mean.
But we can't just sit and watch the terrorists kill the people.
We can invest greater economic,military and Human Resources in the fight against ISIS and at the same time, educate her Cotizens like you earlier mentioned.
That way, the country will be ready for whatever outcome.
This is a well-intentioned outlook, however it proceeds from the assumption that the only reason a given type of person is "underrepresented" in a certain field is deliberate exclusion, and not a natural outcome of merit.
I see very little demand for more males in nursing or elementary education, yet constant cries of discrimination about the percentage of women in STEM fields.
It is time to stop equating equal opportunity with equality of outcome.
Yes, I believe in the idea of innocent until proven guilty.
However, there are situations where an accuser comes forward and authorities are slow to take action.
If the authorities refuse to treat the matters seriously, there should be some kind of reproach for the accused in order to protect the safety of accuser.
While I agree with you on some of these points, I do think something would need to be done to protect the victims safety.
You stated that we need to be logical, not driven by emotions, and gather evidence.
We do have current evidence showing that only 2-7% of sexual assaults turn out to be false, so I'm not sure why the accuser side of the story seems to hold any weight.
No one said that women are not capable of lying.
Of course they are.
And they sometimes use the system to punish or 'get back' at men who have angered them.
But what about the ones that are telling the truth?
How horrible would it be to have someone who had sexually assaulted you running around loose in your general vicinity?
That, too, would be a double crime.
Think of the possible danger she could be in.
And we all know how long it takes the criminal just system to work.
It could be years before he is taken away from her.
It's not fair for her to have to leave.